Memes about how people make too many memes about coronavirus are technically memes about coronavirus

vacuum cleaners are just people who clean vacuums

You're wrong

Rust is just free loctite

Fortnite is dead

Covid-19 is just God playing Plauge inc.

Trying to storm Area-51 caused Caronavirus

Asohka is a better female Jedi than Rey

School is just prison for kids

Mice are really just little rats.

Nerf is used by the government to prepare kids for war

You park on a driveway and drive on a parkway.

imgflip should let us post as many memes as we want

The three E's in Mercedes are pronounced differently

i like beans

The Goodyear Blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach, California.

arms for your chairs are chairs for your arms

no one will upvote this

me watching my parents drive to the constitution of indian and terrible marketing

Cheese is just a loaf of milk

Bologna is just hot dog pancakes

Erasers slowly sacrifice their lives because of your mistakes

TRADITION IS JUST PEER-PRESSURE FROM THE DEAD

We don't accept cash

A MOSQUITO IS TECHNICALLY A WAY TO REDUCE POPULATION

Rats are really just big mice.

Oranges are yellow

Mouths and noses are the new private parts.

Salsa is Mexican marinara and marinara is Italian salsa

marry me bro

Don't walk in front of me, behind me or anywhere near me. - updated Uncle Moishy song

The world's rate of population will outgrow the food supply

monday is the best team ever

i want a brain transplant but it's expensive so please

It’s in the hair gel you weak frauds

There is no ham in a hamburger and therefore should be renamed to burger

If you make the same meme over and over again you have a high chance of getting upvotes

When you look at the stars you are seeing into the past because all of the stars are light years away and a light year is the distance light travels in a year

a rhino is a buff unicorn

arms for chairs are just chairs for your arms

Antarctica is a
frozen back-up
Australia

tiktok is a virus deadlier than COVID-19

Watching too much news is bad for your mental health.

The Corona virus is a cover to prepare us for servitude to our soon to be arriving alien masters

this is a good meme

Farts are just the ghosts of our food

Bowls are curvy plates

I have the coronavirus. If you are close enough to read this sign, you are dead already.

Your nasal passage is connected to your mouth. So when you smell a fart, you're tasting it too.

YOU CAN KISS YOURSELF ON THE MIRROR, BUT ONLY ON THE LIPS

When a nuclear bomb goes off it means that someone ate too many beans.

Coughing in public is the new speaking Arabic at airports

A pepperoni pizza is an entire meal because it has dairy (cheese), vegetables (tomato sauce), meat (pepperoni) and whatever category bread is in (crust)

You become aware of your breathing when you start thinking about it

when you close your eyes, you're actually seeing the back of your eyelid

Don't change my mind

Moths are really just butterflies with ADHD

Captain America is not actually Captain America, but instead, Captain Puerto Rico.

I want you to change my mind

An asteroid isn't gonna hit us

GRAVITY SUCKS

Light switch is also a dark switch

If you water water it grows

"a nut for a jar of tuna" spelled backwards is the same thing

Brain transplant is the only way to change my mind

Coke fixes every thing

Snakes are just ropes with faces

Commenting on meme threads with memes is more fun than actually making memes

Spoons are basically oddly shaped buckets

kirby has no rase so nobody can be rasist to him

Thank god people stopped pouring buckets of ice water of their heads

this meme is super funny

you can't buy a unused mirror

People are getting more sick from the coronavirus memes than the coronavirus itself.

Tik-Tok is just girls trying to show off their body

Every time you brush your teeth, it is the only time you clean your skeleton

People who inject themselves with, or drink bleach, are attention seekers.

Saying "this will never get more than 3 upvotes" on a meme is technically upvote begging

Literally half the imgflip page is about coronavirus and the other half is toilet paper

COVID-19 hysteria is more dangerous than the COVID-19 virus.

Ted Talks never shows Ted talking. Should be called 'lots of other people talk, but not Ted'.

My brain is a field with buried explosive devices

YOU ONLY HAVE 2 MINUTES TO LIVE
BREATHING JUST RESTS THE TIMER.

when you find out your girlfriend is a girl

corona is just if kuroo became a cell

Quarantine is just an excuse from the government so they can fix their pigeons

Coffee is watered beans

Your first birthday is actually your second birthday.

Pregnant girls are bodybuilders

you can't imagine a new colour

Drinking is legal,
as long as you're drinking water

Lots of y'all need to learn what confirmation bias is

if dreams are good you cant have a bad dream

YOU'RE A LYING, DOG-FACED PONY SOLDIER

kidnapping is just adoption without concent.

Weeds are a type of flowerpot

A Firefly is the Opposite of a Waterfall

Increasing the volume is just zooming in but with sound

Meme lovers will downvote this meme.

Socks are just foot clothes

There should be a question mark next to the upvote/downvote buttons for confusing memes

7 year olds think they are cool

The people who hoarded toilet paper are the same ones who throw their masks/gloves in the parking lot

you only clean your skeleton when you brush your teeth.

if we removed all laws the crime rate would be 0%

I am out here because I need someone to change my mind

2020 is just Ice Baby's revenge on us

When you clean your shower you're your showers shower

You Can't Kick The Bucket If You Have No Legs

If enough time passes, it will be impossible to make an original meme

when 2 people kiss, their anuses connect

Repost! Is the most frequently reposted comment.

Quarantine sucks

You can't see this

The guy writing this wrote "change my mind" because he changed his mind and too lazy to erase

If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot, it´s technically on the right foot.

SWIMS upside down in SWIMS

Surgical staff wear masks to protect the patient from them, not them from the patient.

You don't actually wash your hands, you watch as your hands wash themselves.

When we social distance, we play hide and seek with covid-19

Sticks are just a tree's dead children.

pizza rolls are just italian gushers

Corona should be called covid 20, not 19

MY MIND CAN'T BE CHANGED

There are too many change my mind memes on the front page

if you do a video containing new memes and title it as old memes you are very patient

A Shirt is just a piece of cloth to hide how much you eat

SOMETHING '2' CONSIDER..... 2 is the only number that, whether added or multiplied by itself, equals the same sum: 2×2=4.....2+2=4

My parents when they thought I could play really good and thought it was a good idea to make me play in front of guests.

Injecting Bleach is better than Hydroxychloroquine

When you water water is grows

Professor Snape from Harry Potter is just an over glorified cooking teacher

sleeping is the 8-hour free trial of death

Online school is worse than regular school.

If you kill a killer, the number of killers remains the same

A lot of people don't like to upvote memes

A dumb president is the result of a dumb nation

CORONAVIRUS MEMES ARE GETTING OLD

This virus will bankrupt more companies than it will kill people.

Sneezing is just a bacterial shotgun

As a meme-making community, one could consider us heroes for trying to make others laugh in these hard times. yeet

You have to be smart to realize your stupid

the Wright brothers are indirectly responsible for 9\11

Movie streaming sites are no substitute for Blockbusters.

if you roast your twin you roast yourself

Only fools will go to church this weekend

Spiders are land octopi

Ever notice, sometimes, just sometimes, the really good people piss you off because they make you feel guilty?

cereal is breakfast soup

They need to show the down votes so we can down vote up-vote beggars

Coronaphobia is far more hamful than the Wuhan flu

You can't change my mind

Elders: LIFE IS VERY HARD!!
Me: L ife
I s
F uckin'
E asy

Australians are just British Texans.

Skittles are just fruit flavored M&M's

Pineapple on pizza isn't that bad

girl scouts is just a cookie company that gets away with child labor

I'm not horny

Memes about pausing online games aren't funny anymore

2020 is just what 2012 thought it was

You have never watched a full movie because you blinked

Memes that talk about that talk about how coronavirus memes should stop are technically coronavirus memes.

A hot dog is just a weird taco.

boneless chicken is the same as chicken nuggets

there are more airplanes in the sea than submarines in the sky

WE CHOOSE OUR FEARS
THEY DON'T CHOOSE US

The sun is a burning ball of gas that will explode someday and kill us all (we will die by a fart)

Newspapers are just to shame criminals

No one is completely useless because they can always serve as a bad example.

It's easy to claim what you would do when criticizing what was done. But until you're in charge, its all hot air!

On a scale of A from Elephant, Yes or no

The world would be better off without China in it

Josuke's hair looks like a deflated basketball

pee

tik tok dances are just controlled seizures

The Covid virus is juat an excuse to be lazy

deaths due to the coronavirus are wildly open to interpretation, wildly speculative, wildly unscientific

Everyone is cheating on their assignments and every teacher knows it but does not care

Redder says the same thing backwards

Paper airplanes should be classified as birds

The lottery is just a tax for being stupid

Cheese is just a loaf of milk

No matter what they say, insurance companies don't care about you, they care about your money.

All Pokemon are electric types because they can be digitally caught and stored

the "it's raining tacos" song was simply made to make our ears eat themselves. don't

Corona was just an excuse for everybody to stay inside while they recharge the birds

Dr Seuss was the first rapper

Coronavirus isn't that lethal, due to the fact that you can only die from being old, or having a weak immune system.

Is it just me or do I hate homework. I do.

Fortnite is minecraft with counter strike

Coffee is bean juice

The Tiger King is a knock off of the Lion King

fruitloops are gay cheerios

People hoarded two years of TP because they are huge ASSHOLES!

bones are just sticks that hold you together

This meme makes the front page a lot

If no one told us about Covid-19 we wouldn't be panicked

you eat breakfast before lunch not brunch

When im in a meme it sucks

Rivers are just fish roads

Mandalorian Toons are best thing to happen to SWGOH since C3P0.

upvoting is just downvoting except people can see it

Milk is cereal sauce

Baritones can't stay focus for the whole class.

text is just a bunch of pictures of letters put together

Hippopotamus is just a fancy name for super duper big pig

Football uses more of your hands than your feet therefore it should be called handball

lego people live in a house made of their own skin

Living through a major historical event sucks

This text is too small

Halo 3 Anniversary has never existed

Ringing someone's doorbell then running is the original Door Dash

MEME UPSIDE STUPID YOUR READ CAN EVERYBODY

choir is the best class of the day

Your sock and coffee filter mask is equally effective as no mask

forgetting to take a towel with you to the shower is the worst feeling ever

waffles are just pancakes with abs

People who inject themselves with, or drink bleach, for ANY medicinal purpose deserve a Darwin award.

A turtle is just a walking meal in a bowl.

Chewy bacon is better the crispy bacon

It would be pretty easy to think of a name for a horse that you were riding on through the desert

If you exploit bedrock edition you can put yourself any cape and anyone can see it, therefore java you need legit or use mods that only you/people with the mod see, therefore making bedrock edition better

XVideos

coconuts are mammals. they have fur and they produce milk

Kirby eats to solve his problems, which means he has depression

i have coronavirus

i think i made my text too small

Burgers are just circular sandwiches

Bats are just rats with wings

You are now reading this

ur ass is flat.

Socks are sweaters for your feet

the only reason we want upvotes its just because we want to be loved and not feel alone

You can't change my mind

Cheese is just a loaf of milk.

an octopus is just a wet spider

the key to living longer is to not die

Xbox live, Hulu, Netflix, Crunchyroll, and Disney+ sould be free during the pandemic

there's no point in hoarding toilet paper if you haven't hoarded any food

Staring at a screen is slowly killing your eyes.

The Covid-19 vaccine is the mark of the beast

crayons still color even if they are broken to pieces

Quarantine is pretty awesome cuz u get to look at memes all day

drinking water with a minty mouth is the cold version of spicy

This is a bad meme

420 BLAZE IT

Clouds are like the sea of the sky because they are water

The faster your submission is approved the better ur meme will do

Rhino's are just fat unicorns.

Boys are shit and will confuse you and will hurt you and will not tell you their feelings and will not treat you right

You should upvote this in order to get more profile points.

Shorts should cost half of pants.

When you breathe in pollen you are breathing undeveloped plant sperm. please

Headache is a mental illness

I don't watch enough anime

Trees are the nature version of playgrounds

Murders can’t kill you if your in the living room

Everyone else is staying home, just look at the background.

Solids are just enslaved atoms

It's a misconception that the public left to their own devices can be socially responsible.

Loaves of bread that you buy are really just massive bread sandwiches

Covid 19 is God's way of making fun of us for hating 2019

We shouldn't stop making Coronavirus memes as it brings awareness to the virus and how bad it is to babies and boomers. Instead we should stop panic buying toilet paper.

Pasta is basically wheat and tomatoes

Now would be the perfect time for Tony Stark to invent a washer/dryer combo to make toilet paper reusable

Keanu Reeves

Easiest way to get a girls number. Borrow her phone and call yourself

water's temperature is its flavor

Santa Claus is the most judgemental person on the planet this time of year

ǝɯǝɯ sıɥʇ ǝʞoɹq ı ʞuıɥʇ ı

Pizza rolls are just Italian gushers

Coronavirus memes are getting old

PLANTS ARE HARVESTING PEOPLE BY GIVING US AIR SO WE MAY EVENTUALLY DIE, DECOMPOSE, AND THE THEY WILL CONSUME US

i made more comments than creations

Brushing your teeth is just giving your teeth a shower

Birds are basically reptiles because they both lay eggs

little dogs are just rodents

The Lottery is just tax that has a different name

I am trying to change your mind

Don't change my mind

Your phone is upside down

Toilet paper is another word for cure to covid-19

Windows registry is a big .ini file

If you swallow magnets you’ll become attractive

IF EVERYONE HAD CORONAVIRUS NO ONE WOULD WORRY

You can’t stand backwards on the stairs no matter how hard you foolish mortals try.

Coronavirus memes need to stop

Help MrBeast

One of the good things coming from corona is in the future there's gonna be I Survived the Coronavirus 2020

corona?
its Italian, I'm Italian, me paisano

Kylo Ren is a Disney Prince

Coronavirus is just like the cordysepts from The Last Of Us

Hey do you want hear a Coronavirus Joke? You won't get it

You can change my mind

Coca Cola is better than Pepsi

With great power comes great electrical bill

Common sense is a flower that doesn't grow in everyone's garden.

Darth Vader actually said "No I am your father." instead of "Luke I am your father"

Earth got tired of people trying to save her, so she made Covid-19 to save herself.

then we ran out of TP
the end

Airpods are for poor people who can't afford the wire

MY HOUSE IS SO SMALL I HAVE TO COME OUTSIDE TO

People auto translate btw but not lol

If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot, it's on the right foot

Shelter in place is just another name for being an introvert

Bologna is just hot dog pancakes

Burping is just vomiting air

Demons are daMn cute in Chinese animes.

Bottled water companies produce water bottles not water

we should just cancel 2020

if this meme gets over 50 upvotes i will delete my account

Beat Saber is just Star Wars with blocks instead of people

We call them "dank" memes because someone couldn't spell "dark".

If bees go extinct, the bee movie would be considered historical fiction.

Homework was invented as a punishment and I think it's still a Punishment

i made this text to small

a new decade passes every second because there was always a "ten years ago"

i want you to change my mind

using Clorox is how toilets take medicine

Hollywood is full of egomaniacs who think the whole world wants to watch their badly choreographed Tik Tok dance videos and listen to their tone-deaf renderings of One World.

school should not have online school

At some point the Imgflip community will run out of ideas and the website will go into ruins

Thunder is just Clouds Screaming

They are using the quarantine to keep people from seeing the intergalactic summit being held on earth this month

toothpaste taste like mint chocalate not the other way around

can't wait till we're at MOPP4, i loved that shit! and so did you

China needs to be divided

posting other people's
cartoons is one of the
three most embarrassing
forms of meming

Cardi B stands for cardiovascular bronchitis

The ABC song is the same as Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.

Everything is an Algorithm(Divide and Conquer)

USB is a backup plan if USA fails

I’m dumb to be putting up this sign

Adzero is a hypocrite because it advertises itself sometimes when someone clicks something it might open a new tab advertising Adzero

Everyone is freaking out for absolutely no reason over Covid-19

everyone forgot about earth day this year

The egg came before the chicken

Modern SpongeBob is Overhated

the purpose of comments is to have a group chat that is not private in which everyone can join in

fruit loops are just drugged looking cheerios

Chocolate milk is cold hot chocolate

Crabs are just underwater spiders

pumped up kicks is american pie but more accurate

Upvotes for memes in the Political stream should be worth ten times the points of the Fun stream to balance things out.

Trashing upvote beggars because you people will upvote you is upvote begging

COVID-19 was engineered to control population growth

you are addicted to air

TESTING POSITIVE FOR COVID-19 & DEATH FROM COVID-19 ARE NOT THE SAME

cookies are like cooking

Cowards screaming "Save me, save me" aren't worth saving.

If furries are animals. I should have legal, right to hunt them

your belly button was just your old mouth

Direct sentences are just a shorter way of saying an indirect sentence.

Turtles don't live in their shells, they are their shells

if you want to get upvotes you wont get upvotes

Milk is really cereal sauce

People are making memes about how they hate memes about coronavirus, thus becoming what they hate, so everyone hates themselves

The coronavirus was made by the government to recharge the batteries of pigeons.

When its November 11 you have all day to make a wish

Fish is meat without feet.

killed a flying roach

ATM is for men

The best lock down foods are: hamburger, grilled cheese and peanut butter and jelly sandwich's

Screamo is not music

Imgflip is infested with dead memes but that’s what makes it great

AND JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I KNEW IT ALL ,I LEARN SOMETHING NEW.....NOT ALL FARTS ARE "GASSY"! MAJOR MEH!!! :o/ :oP

Flames don't lick, they burn like hell.

Only a hypocrite goes outside to protest the people demanding an end to the lock down

imgflip's frontpage is just GIF's with unoriginal texts and I don't like it

facts cant change peoples mind's

Cars will look like the Tesla cyber truck after quarantine

Zebras are just horses that got crazy with the spray paint

BARTER IS BETTER

Health care workers deserve the first opinion about reopening

Asthma is having an allergy to exercise

The tallest person ever was once your height

bikes are acoustic motorcycles

Netflix movies are bedtime stories for adults

Cheese is just chunks of milk

CoronaVirus Memes are getting lame!

Im getting a brain transplant

The Meme above wasn’t that funny

Fall reruns won't lower my cable bill

VOLLEYBALL IS SEXIER THAN TENNIS

if the earth is flat cats would've pushed everything off of it by now.

‘Essential’ has become a synonym for ‘Sacrificial’

The Coronavirus is just bat Aids

EATING FRESH DOESN’T MEAN EATING A BAT

Wil Wheaton is Over-Rated

Streaming Live Music Sucks

Pizza rolls are just italian gushers

Any meme related to upvotes gets you a lot of upvotes

This is a myth:
Cell phones blow up gas stations

Thanos was wrong. 50% wasn't enough

atleast one of the planets probably doesn´t look like nasa says it does and their picture is faked

mumble rappers sound like stroke victims

Justice is always served cold because if served warm it would be just water

imgflip is just an online community for people who want to be accepted in life

I work for the Government

technically diabetics cant be high without there blood sugar being involved

Whoever said
"Money does not grow on trees"
Never grew Pot!!

I don't want to change your mind

Lotto scratch off's are for morons

corona kills

Yoon Bum and Oh Sangwoo were perfect for each other in their own psychotic way

Coronavirus is a better version of SARS

This is not going to be the most upvoted meme of all time

ROBLOX is so detailed

toilet paper should be the new currency

guys who talk about their "crush" are secretly gay

When you buy bottled water you are paying for the plastic bottle not the actual water

BUYING STUFF TO FOLLOW TRENDS IS A WASTE OF MONEY

we should have gender neutral bathrooms

Politician is not an essential job

Big Hero 6 warned us about the quaritine

Anime is crap and overrated

I can explain everything except Star Wars numbering

Plants are farming us. They give us oxygen until we die and then eat us when we decompose.

MATH CLASS IS THE BEST

the only place dora cant explore is the border line

Praying for science to cure covid19 is a proof of lack of faith, you should wait for a miracle

You can't change my mind.

Teachers are paid to bully children into geting school work done

Armrests are just chairs for ur arms

The lady in the backgrounds a stalker

Anime openings are the spoilers

Guys with beards that wear masks look like they need a Brazilian wax

mints are sweets

Balloons are sonic Fu-Go bombs waiting to go off

Since we are called homosapiens and homo means gay, everyone is gay

i'm getting a brain transplant

Dreams are just thoughts while your sleeping

the corona virus memes are getting old

milk is water for bones

Mr.vagos gay

anti vaxxers doesn't have common sense

i need HeLp

Covid is God playing plague inc.

Economic blight will destroy more lives than the virus

Birds are natures planes

We used to wash diapers. Today, people are hoarding toilet paper. Why?! You could use old t-shirts if you ran out! TRY TO

change my mind

a sucker is born every minute

murder is just delayed abortion

RYKHANE USES TOO MANY CAPS

Bologna is just hot dog pancakes.

PENS GIVE THEIR BLOOD TO SUFFICE YOUR WRITING NEEDS

if you made it to the front page, you only have a short amount of time for people to upvote, comment, and follow you. and then, that meme will go quiet

Seedless watermelons can’t reproduce because they are seedless

Guacamole is just mashed avocado

When we look up at night,
we just stare down into the
infinite abyss that is space.

I wish Sanjay Gupta was my doctor

A nest is just a smaller treehouse.

There's no reason for me to get tested for Coronavirus. I already gave my DNA to 23andMe

water bottles are just boxes of water

fire trucks are actually water trucks

I can't legally get the Coronavirus because I'm under age 21

Coronavirus is a neutron bomb for poor people

People who squeeze toothpaste from the middle are sociopaths

I need a brain transplant

restaurants are closed during the virus not because of social distancing but because they can't find any toilet paper to put in their bathrooms

even though nobody likes them, upvoters are the most popular memes

Volleyball is professional hot potato

Klance is the only good ship because Allura is cheating on Lance for who, Lotor that dumdum

sumo's are overgrown babies

"Lesbian" shouldn't be a word

If I get a OP fun and admin here I will quit image flip. And to you who are asking for a good job and to be the best person in the USA who is the core of you and who will get the job done for the core power of your job you will be a great job to of us you will get the best out there you can be the one who is going alone in a good way to make you feel better about it haha was the best way for me to be with you I love you so much I will be there in the day you will get it I will see if I get a job or not but I’m not going alone and then you will be happy and I don’t know how you feel and I want you and I don’t want you and I will be alone I don’t know why you’re not there I just don’t know if you want me and to get to work I don’t feel bad about you if you read this give this a like

Coronavirus was created because cleaning supplies reached in all-time low in sales

0 is just a portal between positive and negative numbers

If plants have emotions vegans technically are killing conscious beings

Being virgin is just an excuse for being single

All memes get featured

Trace and Rafa are two of the worst characters in the Clone Wars

C.O.V.I.D
Certificate Of Vaccination Identification

Upvote= Big pp

school sucks

Cats Were Put On Earth For The Destruction Of Computer Keyboards

Blaming video games for school shootings is like blaming hot wheels for drunk driving

No body will uppvote this

the cure for the coronavirus will be called the boomer doomer remover

Dying of old age is dying not dying

marriage is capitalism

australians are just british texans

Bill Paxton is the greatest supporting actor of all time

high school should have nap time

They should've just called coronavirus the "Boomer Remover"

The only reason covid 19 doesn't usually affect kids is because kids made it so they could get out of school

your nudes won't empress me

Y'all only love me when I'm dead

Gravity keeps us here on Earth

We exist just to suffer

wine is just grape juice

Giraffes are Cows with elongated necks that got a makeover.

Socks run away and there is no explanation for that.

bologna is just a hot dog pancake

There is no such thing as a "Know-It-All"

if I get 40 upvotes In 24 hrs I will be on the front page

cold hot chocolate is chocolate milk

Jail is just the grown up version of time out.

smartphones are responsible for reducing graffiti in public toilets

we should all just upvote every meme we see to get imgflip points

''W'' should be named double v

When we make french fries we skin a potato alive, dice up its body, and dump it into a pit of oil

coronavirus ennui is causing a critical shortage of meme upvoting

Vodka is just Russian water

Boomers should stay inside

Parallelograms are easier than circles.

The Mandalorian is just Boba Fett's identical twin

Sorbet is just frozen jam

Coronavirus is God's way of keeping us in our homes long enough for him to clean the environment without us wrecking it all over again within a week.

if you can read the small text on the sign, comment it in comment section what the sentence is. toilet paper is delicious

Only a trucker will get this, have not been this long at home since I worked for:

Nobody needs to upvote a meme if it says upvote

Black Friday shopping is adult trick or treating

If you dress like a cowboy you are ranch dressing

meatballs are just meat gobstoppers

Quarantine
isn't so bad..

Anakin after hearing the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise.

Tiger King is just "People of Walmart" + some tigers

what is the airspeed
velocity of an
unladen swallow? win a prize

Criticizing takes (0) amount of talent

water isn't vegan

Octonauts is Subnautica combined with Animal Crossing

There's a fine line between genius and insanity

Accents are just mouth fonts

fortnite sucks and Minecraft is better

Flashlights are reverse black holes

MEMES are for comics who cant draw

Joker is Billie Eilish for boys

Only mammals have birthdays

"Cardi B" really means "Cardiovascular Bronchitis" because her music is a disease

Memes are an art form

One symptom of Corona is a sudden urge to travel.

The Simsons are just the yellow Family Guy

Pretzels are just twisted breadsticks.

Eevee is a dark/dragon type

can't spill food on your shirt if your not wearing one

All cats are twins

no one will ever know what the text says on this guys mug

You can change my mind

With all of us in quarantine, pigeons probably think humans are extinct

coronavirus memes are spreading around the world faster than covid-51 virus itself

If you have to go on to explain your meme in a second template, it’s probably not a good meme.

I will follow you if you follow me

Short people are evil because they are closer to hell

pineapple pizza is bad

JUMPING OFF A CLIFF GREATLY REDUCES YOUR CHANCES OF GETTING THE CORONAVIRUS

Rich tea biscuits should be called poor tea biscuits

The only reason 95% of people know what sheep meat is called is because of Minecraft

Breathing is just temporarily slowing down death

This won't get any upvotes

this meme has 0 views

road kill is just speed bumps that scream

The moon landing is fake... if the moon landed on earth it would leave a crater

They make us stay home so we don't steal toilet paper from the gas station

Simon Cowell is the Gordon Ramsey of music

If COVID19 was visible outside of body you wouldn't have to tell people to distance.

corona virus is dead

If Jefferson had just stayed the f*ck in France, Hamilton wouldnt of had an affair.

Coronavirus is a Scientology weapon forcing us to see all of Tom Cruise's movies

Tacos are Mexican hotdogs

If you were to hit Dwayne Johnson’s butt you would be hitting rock bottom

This meme wont get any upvotes

Frosted Mini Wheats Only Taste Good With Milk

Birds are just sky fishes

No matter what u say, I will never change my mind

Calling me "paranoid" doesn't prove you're not out to get me.

There is no harm in being a tad crazy..

It's physically impossible for roblox to filter a hashtag

if you upvote this meme you will die

The people who risk their lives to keep us safe in this pandemic deserve a Medal of Honor,

Sweden is doing the right thing.

My Coffee Mug

April 1st is a day for YouTubers to post click bait

Neurosurgeons aren't needed.

100% of people who breathe oxygen die

My entire life is a meme

guy is better than man

I like trains

I can find inspiration
from other memes

Coronavirus is very seious. Toilet paper not so much. Theres none of it. Use kleenex instead!

Im blue dabi dee daba doo has so much meme potential

Mosquitoes are vampire fairies

no one up votes my memes

I didn't know what to post

Rats are as clean as a cat

Surgery is stabbing someone to life

The Goverment put us on lockdown because humanity was losing their minds

Wendy Williams is really Arsenio Hall in drag

Strippers should be compensated during this pandemic

International tourism is dead until they find a vaccination. Period !

Cereal is just sweet soup

in heat is both an anagram and a synonym of hentai

The super soldier serum is just steroids

Worms are small snakes

I made this meme on my phone. Send help.

The MK18 is just a suppressed variant of the M14 EBR

Being born is just getting a checkpoint

Shreyas is gay

The Axis Powers of WWII were just the Second Roman Triumvirate

TACO TRUCKS SHOULD CRUISE NEIGHBORHOODS LIKE ICE CREAM TRUCKS DO

Yakko's world is gonna win meme of the year because of the Coronavirus

Girl’s friends make it way harder to get a girl

You can't change my mind

Ketchup is made by bleeding tomatoes to death

I will stay here forever

Coronavirus is just the flu with its hair combed

Vanilla cream soda is basically fermented root beer

Ice is just water with corners

People making COVID-19 memes should commit delete account.

The Wright brothers are indirectly responsible for 9/11

The term "BFF" just means "Broken Friend Forever"

You can't catch coronavirus if you're already dead

Upvotes are basically likes

I shouldn't be sitting here

if corona virus is spread through touch we are immune on imgflip

Facebook hates me

If we abolish the law, we have a crime rate of 0%

People make Coronavirus memes because thats all thats happening right now

toilet paper is the cure for the coronavirus

toilet papering someones house is a flex now

Siegfried and Roy are the true Tiger Kings

if KPOP is korean pop chinese rap is CRAP

I bought all of the toilet paper

half the memes on img flip include a picture od spongebob

Honey is just bee puke

Challenging times bring out the worst in stupid people! Go ahead...

Spicy things should be called cold instead of hot because they are made of Chilli

HOW DARE YOU!!!!!! this is my first img...

boys should be able to hit girls back because of gender equality

Juice is just fruit blood

I will never change my mind

Carmen Sandiego stole the cure and now she's in self-iso while no one else can go anywhere either

The Incredibles is still the best Fantastic 4 movie ever made

final fantasy is an excuse to get hard to anime and not actually a decent game

No one knows what was originally said here

Fortnite is a dead meme

Memes are just dumb jokes that cure everyone's depression.

everyone in harry potter has schizophrenia

Tic Tok Dances are just controlled Seizures

Disney ruined Star wars

Oxygen is a plant's bad breath.

I'm in need of a brain transplant.

The only reason we die is karma, that's why nobody s a good guy.

Dinosaurs are just overgrown Lizards

Coronavirus mastered “Ok Boomer”

Flight suits are professional onesies

Fruit loops are
just gay cheerios

Lord of the rings is a three hour movie about walking.

Anxiety is like when video game music is playing but you cant find any enemies.

Natural dick sucking day during the quarantine sucks

the super bowl halftime show sucked

Ravioli is just spaghetti flavored teabags

debate is just professional arguing

PH Horn makes the best grooving tools on the market.

Earthquakes are just land seizures

A downvote is a sign of success because people are actually reading your memes

Video games enhance your reflexes

Fiji water is water from the sink but way more expensive

i am cool

going to sleep is basically time travel

only you can change your mind

BUGS ARE GAME MECHANICS

ketchup is a smoothie

this text is hard to read

No one knows what the text on my mug says

Raydog is a meme generating robot...

Crackheads come back from rehab and act like they didn't smoke up all the family's money

bread is just raw toast

Vodka is angry water

this will get 0 upvotes

Coronavirus memes are becoming a bigger pandemic than the actual Coronavirus.

I think i made my text too small

God is just playing plague inc

you cant change my mind

I'm against vaccinating and planning a trip to China

raw toast is bread

I'm holding a black mug

Socialism is a social construct

Pride Month is gay

America has so many corona cases because everybody hates quarantine so they go outside

I'm GAY

I like Minenite & Fortcraft too!
OK Boomer!

Infant schools support communism

Changing my mind is impossible. I dare you.

Karen’s and Boomers are siblings except boomers are the first borns

Life is a time machine
With no reverse

butterflies are actualy maded from butter

We are all slowly losing our minds

IT’S NEVER YOUR SUCCESSFUL FRIENDS POSTING THE COMMUNIST QUOTES.

Hey! Great seeing you again, how long has it been, since we were hugging or handshaking...???

Cows don't give us milk, we take milk from them.

I still can't believe it's not butter

Tradition is just peer pressure from dead people.

trooper01 is the best trooper

Common sense isn't common

If the Riddler didn't go around leaving clues
he probably wouldn't get caught

you have Covid 19

Light is not the fastest thing on Earth because darkness gets there first

There are people who hate hairless animals even though they are also hairless animals

Doomguy will get in Super Smash Bros. Ultimate

white people aren't real

Bagels are unsweetened donuts

When all this is over and you go to a yard sale that has a shit ton t.p, hand sanitizer, and other assorted hoarded supplies, you should hand them the greenest, nastiest penny you have, and tell them that's how much their soul's worth! Then just walk away without buying a single thing! Do you agree?

black people rarely appear in ads because people get confused what exactly is for sales

this meme makes valid points

Vegan food is processed crap that comes from factories

Pokemon is better than magic the gathering. Don't

Coronavirus isn't as big a deal as people are saying.

The coronavirus is just an excuse not to attend social plans

99.9% of our governors didn't sign up for all this COVID-19 stress

life is a game and you lose when you die

People remaining at home escaping coronavirus is helping nature more than any government act,law or mission

Grumpy Cat should be the first one in the meme hall of fame

Im in Austraylia

A burp is a fart that comes from your mouth. A fart is a burp that comes out of your butt.

moobli is better than winterwatcher bc winter is mean to her

When you live alone, clothing is always optional

earth is a combination of metal,water,dirt, and grass

half of the memes on imgflip dont make sense

whoever hates cats you have no soul

Rogue One is a great Star Wars movie

Electric hand dryers
are really germ spreading machines

Mouthwash is the cold version of spicy

Social media is just a way for people to judge each other

gay women and gay men are perfect for each other

I am a popular meme template.

If you have a garbage disposal and a sink sprayer, you don't need toilet paper.

74% of imgflip is coronavirus memes. 25% of imgflip is coronavirus meme memes. 1% is people making random memes that make no sense and get thousands of upvotes

Washing your hands doesn't help if you have millions of microbes on your skin anyway

You catch more flies with sh*t than honey

Wearing a mask in public won’t protect you from COVID -19

Introverts are excellent at social distancing

Ink runs out of a pen until a pen runs out of ink

SOME IMGFLIPPERS SPEND MORE TIME TROLLING THAN MAKING MEMES

Loving a woman is gay because you date someone who loves guys

2020 already sucks

Sticky keys are not activated if you spam both shift buttons

Paper towels are just double sized toilet paper.

Every digital picture is pixelized

This meme is pointless

BTS is gay one direction

Emo is just rap for white kids

Boneless Buffalo wings are just ridiculously overpriced chicken nuggets

I might move to New Zealand

tiktok is asian musical.ly

hotels are apartments with food services

cats are little space wizards

Tacos are just mexican hot dogs

Tell me that your cleaning lady wont be on speed dial. When this is all over!!!

Toilet paper is the new collectible plush toy

I am a loser who just sits here and drinks coffee

this face mask will protect me for sure

This will get 0 upvotes

Now that everyone is in their homes, Zoom can make more money

Frogs are just hydrated toads

China should forgive part of our national debt since they shut down our economy with COVID-19

Better to have open eyes than an open mind.

Spongebob Is A Sponge
Sponge = Holes
Holes = Tryphobia
Tryphobia Is Scary
= Spongebob Is Scary

Making your bed every morning is illogical

Longest Road is better than largest army

doors are portals to the next room

When you take a shower your house is pissing on you

toilet paper won't save us from COVID-19

Lasagna is just spaghetti flavored cake

Do you know the way

Vienna sausages are just hot dog midgets.

Stop touching your stupid faces. Just stop! Coronavirus is spreading cause y'all can't stop touching your faces

TOM WAITS SOUNDS JUST LIKE ROWLF FROM THE MUPPETS.

The teen craze of coughing on food at a store proves evolution is false...because animals aren't that idiotic.

you haven't changed my mind

If your birthday is on December 31st, You can never say your birthday is next year...

The youngest picture you have of yourself is the oldest picture you have of yourself

Takis are just rolled up Doritos

I am faster than something that is slower than me

"Dave" is a better show than "Tiger King"

You will make the same mistakes this year that you did last year

I am the most popular meme

cereal is just milk seasoning

You can't honestly say "yes" to "Are you asleep yet?"

Political cartoons are just boomer memes

Chutney is just jam for cheese

Milk is Cereal Sauce

imgflip is a normie website

Volleyball is just advanced hot potatoe

People who believe in love have never been hurt

Wall-E is the best Pixar movie

The newer spongbob episodes stink im just saying

Minecraft is game of the decade.

People in action movies speed up dramatically when they should already be going as fast as they can.

I'm voting for trump

Coronavirus is god's plan to finally deal with the plague of baby boomers

Jesus is the only one you need.

if snakes went extinct then any snake movies would be historical fiction

ok is not a word you verbally say together

socks are gloves for your feet

Gonna drink this mug filled with hot piss

Tony Dungy sings "The Humpty Dance"

Brushing your teeth is the only time you clean your skeleton

Its about a month into homeschooling. You're starting to realize that all your kids are special-ed

the only reason you now want to go out is because the government said you cant go outside

Pepsi is just ruining regal cinemas

Joe Exotic's country music is better than lil Nas X's

Covid 19 is Thanos eliminating half of the population.

Being a YouTuber is a essential job because people get bored in self-isolation

#1 MC rule: don't waste diamonds on a hoe

Mice are just midget rats

Dogs are just annoying cats

Religion is for the weak

just because you play plague inc doesn't make you a COVID-19 expert

Dr. Pepper is the best soda

School is actually good for you, it totally doesn't ruin your life at all

Stupidity,Fear and Greed Will Destroy Us

Tea is just leaf soup

No one is going to sit in this chair due to social distancing rules

This meme won't get more than 7 upvotes

THANOS WAS THE GOOD GUY

China created the coronavirus to control overpopulation

Uranus Isn't a planet

Money-cars.
Cars-I'm happy. Money CAN buy happiness

USA isn’t doing good with the coronavirus because they are laughing about it

Amazon workers going on strike only opens new jobs for others.

you have changed
gravity

TWO GAY PEOPLE LOOKING AT EACH OTHER

the man behind the slaughter did nothing wrong.

If you don’t moo when you pass a herd of cows, you’re a psychopath.

Xbox sponsors Ben10

You are looking at a meme

im sitting behind a table

corona isn't that bad

Most of us are on imgflip because we're introverts

Robin Williams made a better genie

100% of people who read will die and 100% of people who don't know how to read will still die

New Year's Resolutions were made to be broken

Dove chocolate tastes way better than their soap

kids shows are converting kids to Communism by teaching them sharing

Oranges are just clementine’s mothers

The second hand of a clock is seen in a class of its own. Pre-covid learning

the polise should make women and men jails so male prisenors wont mate.

Archaeologists are just grave robbers with a degree

no one can change my mind

Every Single Girl From 13 to 17 Won't Stop Doing Tik Toks For 2 Minutes

If we eat are own poop, we essentially have unlimited food. TinyGecko920

The same people calling panic buyers morons are also buying more than they usually do

cat food tastes like cats

Babies aren't people they are poo machines that cry

tomatoes are fruits because they form from a flower and contain seeds

Champaigne Is French For "Bad Batch Of Wine"

We need alot of toilet paper

We're only interested in Valentine's Day because of the candy

If furries want to be animals we should have rights to hunt them

Anime and manga suck

CANCEL THE 2020 ELECTION, SEE HOW FAST THE PANIC FOR COVID-19 DISSAPPEARS

Baloney is just hot dog pancakes

FireFlys and waterfalls are opposites

Orphans can’t play baseball because they have no home to go back to

Sleep is 8 hour teleportation to the future.

You are never in an empty room

THE CORONAVIRUS IS ACTING LIKE A PLAGUE INC FUNGUS

The average meme-lord appears to be an illiterate
American schoolboy.

socks are just under wear for your feet

UR GAY

the girl scouts is just a brand name cookie company that gets away with child labor

synonym buns are cinnamon rolls that look the same

THE MEMES THAT ARE TRENDING ARE TOILET PAPER AND CORONAVIRUS MEMES

80s was a better decade than 90s for music

This meme will not get over 100 upvotes.

Toilet paper is god essence

A motorbike is a poor mans car

beanbags are just boneless sofas

People in mobile game ads are retarded

Today, a crap shoot needs screen wipes.

people who argue just to argue are annoying

you cant move the top row of your teeth

Dwayne Johnson looks like the rock

catfishes are also felines

I have made up my mind and your momma is fat

soup is water with flavour

I want a Brain Surgery

The pie chart “chances you will not see/upvote this meme” is annoying

Easter eggs are pro gay eggs

We shouldn't do school work at home because if we can't physically go to school we should actually have freedom for once doing our own things before we die

Despite the coronavirus it is okay to consume Corona beer

squares are circles that didn't try hard enough

tiktok is the worst thing in history

Ice age baby is gay

Love that chicken at Popeye's

This is a dead meme format

A meme is just a frozen gif

2020 is the year of hindsight

No matter what temperature the room is, it'll always be room temperature.

I'm quitting Imgflip

im going to jump off a cliff

tik tok is the cancer vision of vines

Vegans have been replaced by the 'hUmAnS R sO sElFiSh'' virtue signallers

Anything you say can be offensive to someone

moths should be called icantbelieveitsnotbutterflys

A country being rebelled declaring war on the rebels is technically declaring war on yourself

Making memes is one of the most effective ways to raise awareness about the coronavirus around the world.

Lethal Weapon is as much a Christmas movie as Die Hard

tomatos are actually fruits so...... tomato sauce is just a weird smoothie.

Bad luck Brian is Hide the pain Harold's son

tiktok is a hot garbage pile

Baby me peanut should help us destroy ice age baby

Your are addicted to living

No one ever gets the happy meal toy they want

A verse in a song is the prequel to the chorus

A bed is just a couch with no sides

no one has ever gotten as many upvotes as they did views

rap is toxic poetry

You are perfect the way you are

Brussel Sprouts are better when wrapped in bacon.

The Rise of Skywalker?
More like the awkward & painful death of a franchise

most meme ideas are made in the shower

each month people base memes off a topic that was hot that month

I'M NEVER GETTING A GIRLFRIEND

These days, People don't use Y to spell Boi, EVER!

the coronavirus is made in china... as is everything

HELP US GET RID OF JEFF THE KILLER TODAY!

everyday of ur life ur just gathering people for ur funeral

Coronavirus hit earth harder then my mom hits me

You can't change my mind

In 20 years, the country will be run by people who were home schooled by day drinkers.

Im prepared to fight coronavirus

We can come together as a gamers to help each other. Games make us happy right some time we have to come to each other.

300 upvotes isn't possible

My greatest fear is insurance salesmen

People can raise awareness about today's global plague through memes and posters.

If you eat the toilet paper, it wipes on the way out

you can't change my mind

The Last Jedi is the Star Wars version of Cast Away

Coronavirus is basically an excuse for schools to bring the torture home

i'll get a million points as slowly as possible

Maybe if sponge- bob just confessed his love for squidward, the mystery would be solved

Let's get Joe Exotic out

People who watch Tiger King voted for Trump

No one is getting younger

Corn Dogs are just meat twinkies

we r losing tp because of u

Coronavirus is going to kill us all

stickers weight your car down by a little bit

It's not fair how we can only post 2 memes each day

IDs don't deserve to be pulled out every time you order a margarita

Views are only people who see your meme but don't like them

TACOS ARE MEXICAN HOTDOGS

Baby yoda will not be the meme of the decade

Change my mind

There only putting us in quarantine because they have to change the batteries in the birds

Verde is op

I can stay home watch tv and gain a few pounds

if you are here you love memes

Africa getting imperialized is good

Gauntlets are boots for your hands

you are amazing

Everyone is narcissistic

Putting soap on your toothbrush and subbing it in your hair better way of washing your hair

I don't have any losses in fortnite because I don't play fortnite

Minecraft is better than Fortnite

GUNPOWDER IS JUST ANGRY SAND

old town road is overrated

You are reading this, therefore memes are educational

You are only allowed to post memes in the comment section of meme youtube videos

It would be kind of fun if 6 months from now everyone that got corona virus turned into zombies.

SANTA IS JUST A FAT WHITE PEADO WHO COMMITS B&E EVERY YEAR. HIS ELVES ARE HIS BRAIN WASHED VICTIMS.

If I get 100 up votes I will delete my imgflip account

Bread is just hardened wheat

Everything you watched as a child has a darker meaning

why do I have two chairs and two coffee cups? Awwwwww 🥰❤️❤️

Everybody hated Enchantress for making Harley Quinn look like a little girl trying way too hard to look cool

asteroids have a strong affect and how they do that is by removing the A in their name

At first we all said we hated school, but now you would rather do it than online classes

I need a brain transplant

everyone should watch F.R.I.E.N.D.S

Rhinos are f*cked up unicorns

The bachelorette is stupid

Jevhovah's witness's created the Corona Virus to keep people at home

panic shopping is just shopping on steroids

The UFO conspiracy nuts are the ones hiding the truth so they wont lose their jobs

People who were uploading the the covid (virus in media vs reality) in janauary are the same who say china lies

Timon and Pumbaa are proof that gay couples can raise children

Saitama isn't a gag character

PS4 is bad but Nintendo Switch is better

If you’re a popular user, it doesn’t matter what you post, it will get at least 100 views and 10 upvotes on a meme

Pixel Gun 3-d was the original battle royale game and that means that fortnite chapter 2 is actually a lie

Iron man did not died in avengers end game Godzilla did

Dead deers on the roadside look like kangaroos

French Grammar is more revolting than the French People.

taking a shit at school is the worst

Russian Rap Is The Best Rap

People with the last name "Marie" on Facebook have the most questionable life choices.

Thanksgiving is just an excuse for eating tons of food and being fat

Heaven has a dark side.

You attempt Suicide everyday by blinking

My mind is broken.

Milk is just cereal sauce

If some of y'all don't learn to calm down and behave, you'll be dying of lead poisoning long before a virus will get you

ONE PIECE IS BETTER THAN NARUTO

Airsoft is better than paintball

Every 'adult' in 'reality' TV is stupid.

Childhood is Slavery

the dentist gives his patients lollypop's so he can get more money from the damage they caused

THE EGG CAME BEFORE THE BUNNY

All corporate Webex and BlueJean meetings should be moved to zoom.

Carol Baskin killed her husband

Jordan B. Peterson hates salads, word or otherwise.

Obi wan gave up the high ground, so he is stupid

The only one who wants wealth for you is the thief

Santa does exist. Santa is your dad. He knows when your sleeping and he knows when your awake.

kill upvote beggar memes are getting old

Don't

The only Xbox that looks like an actual X-Box is the Nintendo Game Cube

If you don’t upvote this you are gay

the biggest lie in the universe is "I have read and agreed to the terms of service

You. Are. Annoying.

unicorns are gay

When you water water, it grows.

ANTIFA are such big A-Holes they bought all the toilet paper.

every market in africa is a black market

RWBY's last two seasons had better writing than Seasons 7-8 of Game of Thrones

Dolphins are special ed narwhals

MAKING A MURDERER > TIGER KING

The "End of the World" is the day when you die

you can't stop a 15 years-old girl do tiktok

good memes deserve to be upvoted

YOU'RE NOT THAT GOOD AT CHUGGING BEER

Fat people are just people with extraordinary muscles

posting quarantine vids to prove quarantine proves the opposite

Epstein didn't kill himself

Coronavirus

What you think of as God is just aliens

Epstein didn’t kill himself

I should make more
Toilet Paper memes.

Volleyball is professional hot potato

There are only 44 valid questions on the AA FAQ now. #drink-alone

Essential Is the New Word For Expendable

Pokémon and Avatar the Last Airbender are Animes

you don't have to like only one music genre

TikTok dances are just clips of Britney Spears’ dances

m is a w ripoff

The Washington Monument is just a giant headstone

Godsmack is a tribal tattoo you can listen to.

Tik Tok is just rebranded musically

Scientology is a cult.

When we clean the vacuum cleaner, we are the vacuum cleaner

Ketchup is just tomato sauce

Ben and Rey's ship name could be Ren

Looking for brain surgeons

To be honest, I came for the free coffee cup

Upvote beggars are poopy slimeballs

Jaywalking makes crossy road realistic

Football is guys wrestling over a pig bladder.

make totally funny memes about the carnivorous

Iron ore looks like human skin ore

nobody is trying to change my mind

THERE ARE 2 GENDERS

HELL IS JUST ANOTHER WORD FOR SCHOOL

Custom Zoom backgrounds are the new MySpace pages.

Sour patch kids are the best sour candy

white underwear should be banned

if ww3 dosent kill us all choronavirus will

Intelligence has become all about keeping most other people from being nearly as smart.

Torbjorn is meta

The flu is worse than coronavirus

Country is just Emo music for rednecks

it isn,t a world war if its just two countrys fighting

Goverment Made COVID-19 To Stop The Jeffrey Epstein Memes

every single house is made of wood, or has something wooden inside it.

A hotdog is just a rolled up hamburger patty

Coronavirus is just another reason to skip lessons and stay in bed

Wormhole is a portal to another reality

Everyone is gay or lesbian because everyone loves themselves.

birthdays decrease your lifetime

Anti-furries are just edgy kids

Rappers with tattoos on their face and hands look like ghetto Doodle Bears

no one knew that if you press "w" the meme you're on gets upvoted, and if you press "s" the meme gets downvoted

Bad Wolves is the new Nickelback

Australians are just British texans

upvote beggars should be banned forever

Adding emoji to your meme like adding pineapple on pizza

Juice is just
fruit pretending
to be a drink

you can not change my mind

It isn't COVID-19 we should be worried about! It's heart disease as a result of binge eating during quarantine!

Herd Stupidity outpaces herd immunity by a wide margin.
😷🤓🤨

The German version of "Major Tom" is the best version

Black Friday is an excuse to fight to the death

the coronavirus is a efficient way of reducing the population

my chemical romance

Fish Tank Cleaner
tastes better than
Tide Pods

Coronavirus is an economical diseaster

bras are measured by cup size because boobies have milk

Decade starts in 2021

covid 19 is a young adult

"Synthetic" is just the politically correct term for "Fake",

The Patriots are cheaters

The more you move your body, the more relaxed you feel

Coronavirus is just a cold

Like most things, COVID-19 was made in China, then released to the world

Buying expensive clubs won't make your golf game less shit

Saitama is star level at best.

Hoarding toilet paper makes me immune to COVID-19.

Pennywise is just Ronald McDonald's brother who was too cheap to get a job.

Properly loading the dishwasher is an art form

I am sitting in school bored

Upvote begging isn't real memes.

Pranav doesn't really like Bayern, he likes Lewindowski, and follows him... Pranav

Adam and Eve didn't have belly buttons

We should vote for a meme of the decade

IMGFLIP IS NOT A SAFE-SPEECH ZONE, NOR SHOULD IT BE

Saying, "Ok, Boomer" is age based discrimination and should be classified as a hate crime

If I get 25 upvotes, I will do a face reveal

Bagels are sugarless donuts

You can't get caronavirus if you drink bud light

Youtube Rewind 2020 was created by Watchmojo.

Women can never be men

If you post quality things instead of begging you will get upvotes instead of shame

the only time the word incorrectly is spelled incorrectly is when its spelled incorrectly

Anime was made so America wouldn't bomb Japan again

Darth Jar-Jar would have been a brilliant twist

The only reason people watch nascar is to see them crash.

pomegranate is the fruit version of corn

november shouldn't exist, it should be half october and half december

nobody cares about what your zodiac sign is

Getting out of the shower is like getting out of bed

The only way to cure Corona virus is to kill yourself before you infect anyone else

the downvote button is there for no reason

Old phone numbers like "1-900-Four-Rap" were secretly used as legal defense funds designed to help defend rappers who get in trouble with the law, whether they deserve it or not.

If Mike Bloomberg wanted to waste about $1 Billion he should have just bought the Detroit lions.

KARENS SHOULD BE IN THE FRONT LINE OF DEFESE AT AREA 51

You voted for Trump because he hates the same people you do

Coffe is better than tea

Minecraft should make a cave update

I'm weird

School is basically mentally pushing yourself past your limit for a peice of paper.

M&Ms are a Form of Candy bar

My butt itches.

Moana is a better movie than frozen

thor is just a mixture of a blacksmith and an electrician

Watching NASCAR is extremely boring except when the drivers crash

Rhinos are just obese unicorns

no one ever uses the text at the bottom

North Korea always 'negative' with corona virus because if they 'positive' they gonna be 'positive' in hell

Valentine day is a multi-manga reference.

The government is made up of people who've learned how to hate people.

This quarantine is gonna go till May then take over fall

I should probably social distance

There is too much pumpkin-flavored crap sold during the fall

The french fries between my car's seats are still edible.

Almond milk is not milk at all.

Jeff Lowe was the biggest asshole on “Tiger King” change my mind

Measuring from the bottom should be allowed since it's really just measuring with the curve

limes are spicy lemons

the corona virus is just Chinese aids

your mum gay

Millennials are boomers who are from the generation x

Home Alone 3 and 4 are better than the first two.

die

Tik tok is proof humanity can go backwards

New Year is just a holiday celebrating Earth's rotation around the Sun.

Rhinos are thicc unicorns

Marshmallows have swamp written all over them.

Teachers should preform daily health checks

It should have been named the kungflu not the corona virus

Mind is the name of my daughter and she pooped in her pants

Facebook doesn't misinform. People misinform themselves
when they only read headlines
and not the actual content.

You can't get the coronavirus in Antarctica because there are no people

Only aliens go green

Ice Age baby is hated at the level he is only because Pewdiepie said he did.

The Corona Virus Did not Kill Epstein

Tacos are just Mexican hotdogs

I have no friends bc of Coronavirus

Putting water and soap in to a glove is a better way to wash your hand

Gif's Don't Belong On The Image Pages

I am a man with nothing else to do

bass is just a four string guitar

Noobs are better than anti-gamers

The coronavirus is the modern black plague.

People who get upset about reposts are just internet hipsters

^^^
Coffee drinker

Rubbers slowly destroy themselves because of your mistakes

Imgflip is the Facebook of memes

Social Studies is all the subjects in school being social

Hot chocolate is just hot chocolate milk

D&D is just an improvised book made by a lot of people

Pollen is plant sperm

Bush did 9/11 AND Coronavirus

Carole Baskin killed Jeffery Epstein

Construction is an Essential Business

You are a wonderful human being and you matter

water is ice juice

guns don't kill people, school does

Toilet papper is a bigger flex than AirPods

Eyebrows are facial hair.

Donald trump wanted to buy greenland beacuse he could predict coronavirus

Gathering homeless to shelters now robs them of their lone virus-fighting superpower.

MILK IS JUST COW PEE

imgflip is the worst

dragonite is just chirazard on crack

Santa is always watching you: Santa is watching you on the toilet.

I am a man with nothing else to do

If this meme gets over 50 upvotes I'll stop using imgflip.

the Lord of the Rings is awesome

Morons work at Home Depot

You are the same age as the universe because matter can not be created or destroyed. no no hes got a point

The avengers were the villains in infinity war and endgame

mayonnaise is an instrument

Clay is just professional play-doh

There are no baby butterfly’s

Baby Yoda is cute

pixie sticks is just cocain for kids

Ramen is holy, it has amen

You can't change my mind

people who play games on the toilet are usally the best at it

if you cut off your left arm your right arm is left

Eli Tomac started the Coronavirus so he could finally win a Supercross Championship.

Common sense is a superpower

The song "roxanne" was created when a rock was combined with sand

You can't save the world

The poisonous food is not depopulating the planet fast enough so they are going to use covide19 to kill us.

SELFIE STICKS ARE ACTUALLY TELEPHONE POLES

coronavirus is just the earth taking medicine against people

Bedtime was invented by bed companies to sell more beds

mugs are just cups who've gone to the gym

King Kong Lives is a terrible movie.

Altered Carbon is just a Political Correct version of Ghost in the Shell

Carole Baskin killed Don Lewis

Imgflip has been taken over by kids

This meme is getting old

we turn on the TV to watch grownups play pretend

pork is not a verb

There is going to be more hold up memes on the front page

Cute girls are better than hot ones

You're not washing your hands, your hands are washing each other while you watch...

Your soul breaks when you break a Pencil.

My man-boobs are bigger than your woman-boobs

People who pour milk before cereal should be punished.

Lizzo Sucks

im gonna learn tik tok dances

People that think the virus is spread via the actual beer are the same people that think chocolate milk comes from brown cows

the earth is flat

Christians are going to win the holy war

beds are just wireless chargers for humans

a downvote meter is not a bad idea

waffles are just pancakes with abs

Onions are bullies

agar.io is just a game of cannibalism

birds are just flying chickens

Part Corona
+ Part Media
=
One big f**ken tangled hot mess

My xbox is haunted since it overheats when I play resident evil

Pregnant woman are body builders

If you chopped up Bobby Flay, he would be "Bobby Filet"

most of the math we learn in middle school high school and college we are not going to use in real life

Ketchup is a tomato smoothie

the book is better than the movie

If satan punishes bad people does that make him good

Sola Scriptura is not in the bible

P.B.R is just piss in a can

Girl scouts is just a cookie company that got away with child labor.

saying "without further ado" IS "further ado"

Baby Yoda are minion memes for Millennials

minecraft still has shit graphics

Nearsightedness can be prevented if kids play outside enough.

Black and white are colors. If you can find it in a color pencil pack, it's a color

COCA COLA AND PEPSI ARE THE SAME THING

Coronavirus is a biological weapon

I wash my hands!! Don't

Books are a form of relaxation

Valentines Day is just a holiday for single people to feel bad about themselves

you can't eat and breathe at the same time

I'm too effin stressed to make more memes.

women use more toilet paper than men

There are many scumbags on social medias, including this one so don't fall for their tricks.

please

Australians are just British Texans. Change my mind.

Pluto is a planet.

People are only nice when they need something

we will all die

There's a lot of shaved crotches today

Chicken fingers are just chicken strips

Cheese is dry
milk

wine as the blood of christ is just an excuse to drink

People on the International Space Station are so lucky

you can't change my mind

anime is better than pewdiepie

Beach Water is toilet water

Ice age baby is just the human version of baby yoda

If you have no food, you won't need to shit.

Hot Sauce is just spicy ketchup

you are what you eat. eat people

I need a brain transplant

R2D2 Is the MOST IMPORTANT non Jedi character in the star wars universe

im GAY

the only popular memes are about corona virus

More people die from the flu then the coronavirus, so it isn't really that big of a deal

You'll know Corona is over and done with when people start worrying about global warming again

Rap music sucks

If there was no food everyone on earth would be dead so their would be no one starving anymore.

how come every time the teacher punishes the class and says sorry for the ones that were behaving, the kids not behaving respond...

If you are against guitars, you are guitarist.

Any food that can be chopped, mixed up and eaten with a fork can be a "salad".

Her milkshake brings all the boy's to the yard!

gold is the best resource in Minecraft

Baby nut is not cute

fortnite memes are dead

Money make people delusional

Waffles are pancakes but with abs

Taxes are the yearly subscription for the country that you live in and childhood is the free trial

A bullet is a baby bull

if a peanut is not a nut then what is it

fortnite is filled with twelve year olds and sell out youtubers and toxic people of every age but mostly twelve year olds

Oil is American Sauce

There will be a crisis in every aspects of life this year, except in gaming and making memes.

Imagflip was so much better before all these noobs

fish cant see water but can see air

Dolphins are just long fish

You can't change my mind

Girls who say they are “Thicc” are just fat

Teachers give you homework just to get you tired and punish you for laying your head down the next day.

Milk is cow tities

Birds of Prey is a Suicide Squad sequel.

Imgflip is a meme generator.

if u kill ur self on feb 13 u will get flowers on valentines day

It's the bullet that kills, not the person

A GLOBAL PANDEMIC
IS NOT A MARKETING
OPPORTUNITY
TO SELL YOUR SHIT.

Contagion predicted Coronavirus

Atheists believe in God- they just don’t like him

All Christmas romance movies are the same

this meme has 0 views

Trees are just glorified bushes.

I respectfully disagree with the goverment

Most of you seeing this only have one meme with over 1000 views

50% of front page memes arent that funny

CLEARLY THE STOCK MARKET
EXISTS SO THAT PEOPLE CAN
MAKE UNREASONABLE AMOUNTS
OF MONEY, CASH IT ALL IN, AND
BUY UP UNREASONABLE
AMOUNTS OF TOILET PAPER.

Santa claus is a stalker

You only really know the date when at the start of the year

Zodiac signs are overrated and it’s just judging people by the month they were born in. Just like judging a book by its color, therefore if you believe in zodiac signs then you are bullying and judging. -_-

Boruto is better than naruto

a chromebook is just a large phone that does not do calls well

liquid is just gas with gravity

Dogs are better pets than cats

levelle wants me as his bae

I’M ABOUT TO THROW THIS HOT COFFEE IN YOUR FACE

Memes about how
lame Area 51 memes are
are still Area 51 memes

2020 isn't what we expected it to be

Ur gf has a bf that isn't u

The movie secret life of pets is the same as toy story but with pets

children are domestic gremlins

Turkey bacon is just cold cuts that you heat up

you won't change my mind

People are so creative with these but whenever you try to think of a good meme it sucks.

Putting things in the freezer is like Tetris,but getting them out is like jenga.

hey Arnold is south park for kids

Baby Yoda is a Disney princess

you looking good! rest stop

pour speeling kin rune a meem

typos shoud be baned

Today is tomorrow's yesterday and yesterday's tomorrow.

PLUTO WILL ALWAYS BE A PLANET

Vanilla is better than Chocolate

there to many begging for upvotes memes

Public schools are simp farms.

Life is more overrated than fortnite

when you were in your moms stomach it took you 9 months to customize your character

Buttholes are body pockets

Forcing someone to watch The Rise Of Skywalker is against the Geneva Convention.

If you're against free speech for one group of people, no matter how disgusting their opinions, you are against free speech, period!"

Halftime show is good cause of j-lo

The Coronavirus Scare was created by The Toilet Paper Companies

Oreos a just cookie sandwiches

this meme has 0 veiws

Mayonnaise is just ketchup made of eggs

THE EARTH IS ROUND

I'm self-isolating

also my cup is empty... The upvote beggars should be burned in holy fire.

Frogs are toads
in wet suits.

Climate change is the monster in the closet, it scares small children but adults know it is imaginary.

imgflip needs more furries

Memes are a lifestyle

straight girls are gay dudes

"You're immune to COVID-19 if" is the new "You might be a redneck"

The temperature of water is it's flavor

All data recovery apps are trash

The media makes a big deal about the coronavirus when the flu can be worse

lazarbeam is less popular pewdiepie

Lobsters are the cockroaches of the sea.

These soft dudes hide from panties like the coronavirus

There are only two genders

Woke marketing doesn't make good films.

THE KARDASHIANS HAVE MORE PLASTIC IN THEM THAN A LEGO CONVENTION

NSFW

Cotton and Pepper are the best commentator duo

Bologna is just an unrolled hot dog

Imgflip is my life source

Used cows for rent or lease. Why buy when you can get the milk for free?

All Hallmark movies are the same.

Every Market in Africa is a Black Market

There are no aliens in Area 51

Bob Ross is better than leonardo da vinci

Woman:wtf

PTSD is just an unskippable backstory cutscene

Yosemite Sam & Foghorn Leghorn cartoons are better than any Anime ever

you should upvote this meme

Windows are just see through mirrors

every time you paint a room, it gets a little smaller

I am allergic to poison

people who can speak the minecraft enchantment table, are the real gods

The brain named its self

Recipe "prep" times are a lie

a pool is just an opposite boat

Aliens will make memes after the extinction of humanity

IF YOU COME INTO A RESTAURANT TEN MINUTES BEFORE IT CLOSES AND YOU CHOOSE TO EAT IN, YOU’RE AN ASSHOLE.

Calling Amy Schumer a "comedian" is insulting to actual stand-up comedians

Milk is cow jizz

your parents can't tell you what to do when your adopted

Old men aren't grumpy. They just have the freedom to say what they think

Schenkerian analysis is the musical equivalent of string theory.

Almonds are the peanuts of deluxe nuts.

Mugs are just cups with one arm

Pizza is the best food in the whole world!!!!

being healthy is the slowest way of dying

Corn tortillas make the best quesadillas.

Life's too short to be worthless

Hide the pain Harold was meme of the decade for never dying

boys go to college to get more knowledge, girls go to Jupiter to get more stupider.

Plugged in toasters heat bath water faster

elevators are basically just vertical conveyor belts

Water is just Snowman Blood

Shoes are sock socks.

If you wish for a genie to not make wishes it's not so special anymore

BTS is stupid

Bolton has always been a trouble making agitator.

WAFFLES ARE JUST PANCAKES WITH ABS

All items on the Taco Bell menu are just the same 7 ingredients combined in different ways

Social media is superficial, with no room for expressing deep or complex ideas.

Cool-Math Games is just a website filled with unblocked games

Bucky is Cooler than Captain America

HowtoBasic is every vegan's worst nightmare

99% of people don't go to college

War is other name for population control

If the #2 Pencil was really the best it would be called the #1 Pencil

Penguins can’t be racist because they are black and white

PRINGLES GUY AND MONOPOLY GUY ARE THE SAME GUY

Geo-engineering causes climate change, not CO2

Hotdogs are sandwiches

Schools in general usually fail to notice or help when someone is being bullied.

Wine is just a grape-flavored headache

DC IS AN ALTERED VERISON OF MARVEL

if i get everyone to do the klingon salute they will all get upvoted

Fat People eat to much food, that's why People are starving all over the world.

Onision is an incel

Valentine Day is another Thing to Spread Hatred

Taste of water is the default taste

Football teams make us hate others for where they live

Shut down schools to stop bullying

If men is plural to man, then the singular of dimension is "dimansion"

Salads are plant nachos

memes to millennials what newspaper is to boomers

fortnite over 1 million players minecraft 1 player

Whiskey is just barley soup

its not like anyone is going to do anything about deforestation or climate change

The Time Warp is the goth Macarena

The Veggietails are all fruits!

starfish are just stars that didn't make to the sky

This meme won't get 100 views and 5 upvotes

It’s ok to be intimate with my dog.

If people are rapists kill every one so there are no rapists

911 WAS A INSIDE JOB

I am very stubborn

PDQ is better than Chick fil A

anime is cartoons for teenagers

Disney gave Spider Man to Sony to keep Deadpool out of the MCU

ice cream cones are just waffle milk

you are gay

IPhone is just the breakable Nokia

Crocs

League of legends is better that Fortnite

Fortnite was the best invention because it kept the scrawny kids out of Minecraft for a while. DONT

A porcupine is just a portable cactus

home is where you trust the toilet

DUCT TAPE FIXES EVERYTHING

GREY IS JUST DARK WHITE

Every time you read one of these memes you have a mini heart attack

99% of the world worships every pagan religion under the sun.

Behind every individual that tries to do better is a conspiracy theorist with piano wire.

aliens are more fun to meme about than politics

The only reason vaccinated kids have a higher chance of getting autism is because they're actually alive.

Spongebob is the kid's version of Bob's Burgers

Grown men that send chain messages are soft

Biology teachers are just cells talking about other cells

NERF employees wont be scared if someone pulls a gun on them

Tiktoks aren't real vines

AUSTRALIANS ARE JUST BRITISH TEXANS WITHOUT GUNS

You can't handle
a litre bike!

When dogs bark they gain karb

THE 90S WHERE SICK LITTERALY

If your shirt isn’t tucked in your pants than your pants are tucked in your shirt

The band "October Project" is the REAL new version of The Seekers.

You should follow DunkOladipo and Step_Back_Harden

cereal is just cold soup

China is a testing ground for new diseases

The Mandalorian is more true to Star Wars than the sequels were

"Into the Unknown" is the next "Let it Go"

“Cats” was a stupid movie for psycho furries

boomer memes are getting old

we are all just flesh bags controlled by your brain

Frozen II is trash

Fallout is just futuristic Skyrim

Marvin is magic furry bait

water isnt wet but it can make things wet when water touches something

Nintendo switch is just a Wii u game pad with detachable sides

Want a simple cure for childhood obesity? Ice cream trucks that don't stop.

Kirkland is the Covid 19 Epicenter of the USA

Teaching is just babysitting but telling kids stuff

memes don't die they just evolve into a new meme

Rowlet's face is OvO

Sparklers are just angry incense

No boobs, no care

Cardi B stands for cardiovascular bronchitis because her music is a disease

Every Disney plot boils down to "Misfit Makes Good"

make this the most disliked meme of 2020

a burp is tracheal flatulence

Twilight sucks

Stacy's mom has got it goin' on

Social media sites are the biggest Anti social gatherings

Danny deVito is HOT

Beatboxing is the asmr of rap

Feet are just devices for finding legos,

technically a decade ends every moment regardless of time or year

Nostalgia-is a sign of the absent past depression

Java is like Javascript

My dad just left for milk

Coronavirus is not passed from human to human

Skunks should be called fart squirrels

instead of using toilet paper, use your hands to wipe then wash your hands

ninjas can walk on water, therefore jesus is a ninja

Digital marketing has High demand

Feminists are allies of Artemis

people only give me upvotes by misclicks

I look stupid

You're a boomer

middle school should have 3 break times

Funny people are sexy people

Closing your eyes is just your eyeballs getting dressed

To meme is an excellent waste of life

Corona virus is just a sabotage by modelo

ALL REDHEADS ARE NUTS

your a simp

girls with glasses > girls without

you cant change my mind

Whenever your shirt is untucked they're tucked into your pants

Tea is just tasty water

Gun control is the most oppressive form of white privilege. Change my mind.

sign up for who tf asked

Landry Jones is overrated! Change my mind!

If Tubby Smith coached Calipari's recruits
KY would have at least 2 more banners

memes with longer words get more upvotes

Steve Urkel is and will forever be the be TV show character ever

Male privilege is a myth

we have too many streams

Guys become gay to get invited to girls sleepovers

life is made to depress people, you grow old and the ones you love die, and the things you like turn into dead memes, then you either commit suicide or die of old age

Teens only like rap because it takes no singing talent

tea is just a magical drink that heals you

Anti-vaxxers are child abusers

veggie tales is just the vegan bible

Whippets are cute

Orangutans are just ginger gorillas

diet water is better than regular water

Comic Sans isn't that bad of a font

a tricycle is just a unicycle with training wheels

Hiccups are just autistic burps

This is the end of my memes journey. Farewell,

your mom is just a super baby siter

Centaurs have 6 legs and are there for insects

my butt can create all 3 states of matter

Don't

Milk Is Just Cereal Sauce

imgflip is the best

THE SAUSAGES ARE MADE FROM PLASTIC

THE SUPERBOWL
SHOULD BE
ON SATURDAY

I

the memes on this website are fricking shit

Religious people are no different than anti vaxxers or flat earthers

Stupid people aren't annoying, they're free entertainment

Oklahoma is so bad they don't even deserve a participation trophy

law is just rules for grown ups

pets are just animals with Stockholm syndrome

Hentai is just anime for adults

if the earth is flat then why are they're mountains

Pokemon games nowadays, sucks

90% of the feel good stories on social media are fabrications and half truths

Trump Shouldn't be impeached

Fat people use more soap

Ememoen is secretly Eminem

No one can out pizza the hut.

Stop killing babies and maybe you won't die from a virus.

Carl Sagan was space Mr.Rogers

Pineapples belong on pizzas

moguls are the most pointless ski obstacles

Yoda is voiced by the same person as Grover

Thanksgiving is the rehearsal dinner for Christmas.

The text down there is so small that you will have to zoom in to read it. You had to zoom in to read this, you can't change my mind now !

Gamers won’t die in WW3, they’ll respawn

IMGFLIP NEEDS AN EDIT BUTTON FOR COMMENTS

Romantic movies should be considered sience fiction because the stuff in them will never happen

Posts asking for upvotes are not actually memes

Begging for upvote memes are made by users who's memes are bad so they resort to submitting those for upvotes

HOME ALONE IS DIE HARD FOR KIDS

Lava is just fresh volcano poop

i like trains

Communism is sharing is caring

BATS ARE JUST HANG GLIDING MICE

Always borrow money from a pessimist, he won't expect you to pay it back.

IT'S OKAY TO BE WHITE

WERE ALL LONELY

Water is the cloud's sweat.

I'm not Billy Eichner

Old spice looks like hot sauce

ford gt40 is the best ford gt

cnn is just cartoon network news

Die Hard is a Christmas movie

Advertising is ruining the Internet

Movies are just non repeating gifs with sound

Minecraft is better than Fortnite

Anti-Vaxxers worship Typhoid Mary.

naruto and Goku are pretty much the boy Kardashians

R2-D2 bleeps out every word he swears

If the devil punishes bad people he's technically good

Chairs for your arms are just arms for your chairs

Christmas is an excuse for free presents

The arc trooper is a commander without the role

Luigi is better than Mario

Kylo Ren looks like someone tried to draw Keanu Reeves from memory

Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus So all other genders must be from Uranus

Salt is just pissed off sugar

upvotes are just off brand likes

I have 2 Go Pro cameras on my table you never noticed before.

I have two coffee mugs but I only drink one

Cereal is just soup for breakfast people

I like women

wii is communist because wii sounds like we and we is communist

rain is just god's sweat

YOUTUBE REWIND IS BAD

Lucky charms are just charms to get you diabetes

do not touch must be the scariest thing to read in braille

I NEED A BRAIN TRANSPLANT.

Pewdiepie's return is the best thing of 2020 so far

IF WE ALL DIED THEN THE POPULATION OF MONKEYS WOULD BE LESS

grapes are just thicc raisins

Rhinos are just out of shape unicorns.

All Hallmark Christmas movies are basically the same story with a different setting

If You Like Candy Corn, You Are a Sociopath

KHAJIT PLAYERS ARE ALL FURRIES

The McDonalds Filet-o-Fish is a Quarter Flounder with cheese

What I if told you that you read this first line wrong

waffles are just muscular pancakes

sleeping in transports is really just fast traveling irl

Singing is just rhythmic talking

the chick-fil-a fries are amazing

todomomo is gooder than your small brain tododeku

Baby Yoda is just a recycled Troll doll from the Nineties

If the earth is flat, why is my entire life going downhill

Laughing is just choking on air

It's ok for me to believe in ideas that are different from ideas that you believe in.

Upvote Beggars Deserve as many Downvotes as Physically Possible to Give Them

That the ugly duckling was actually a swan that ran away because it was beast

Only the dumbest people are able to change my mind

Jesus was an actual historical figure.

Baby Yoda is the baby the World needs RIGHT NOW, yo...

It's Impossible to Hum While You Hold Your Nose.

WEIRD AL YANKOVIC IS WAY UNDERRATED

Android's are better than iPhone's

THE THING CURRENTLY IN FRONT OF YOU IS REALLY JUST THE FURTHEST THING BEHIND YOU

The Chinese were never a homogeneously united nation

trans-sexual cyclists still have man legs

We slept better before the internet

Advertising is killing the internet

historians are just professional reposters

Life is hard like big stone

if you change your mind, I will

Students are basically slaves because we do work without pay. Teachers are only here for the pay to torture and enslave children.

We should go back to the old Pokemon rivals. Instead of you battling just for fun, you should battle to wipe that cocky smile of their face

The reason why ducks have feathers is to cover their buttquack

The government can make more money by printing more of it

waffles are just flannel pancakes

If a hypocrite calls a hypocrite a hypocrite then the hypocrite that called the hypocrite a hypocrite is a hypocrite.

Saying "don't judge me" only makes people judge you more

welcome to good burger home of the good burger can I take your order

Facebook knows drama way more than TNT

Mods should be allowed to ban some Imgflippers

YOUR MORAL CODE CANNOT BE USED TO CONTROL SOMEBODY ELSE'S LIFE

Most women enjoy being desired by men but not pursued by them

100$ for who can

Butts are just exhaust for humans.

lasagna is spaghetti flavored cake

Leather is best for sneaking, because it's literally made of hide

THERE IS NO VALID REASON FOR DAYLIGHT SAVINGS

K-Pop sucks

Daylight savings time is bullshit

BLACK PEOPLE CAN BE RACIST

September 20th is August 51st

Bread is yeast meat

volley ball is professional hot potato

chemtrails are just lines of coke for jesus

jason will kill today

roller skates are just buffed heelies

CHANGE YOUR MIND

elevators are just pieces of floor that migrate

Coronavirus is bisexual

Climate change is a thing

X-4 Stormwings
and BRUTES in
Fortnite were good
additions to the game
if we actually use
them sometimes

the rise of skywalker is krap

Mini Nezuko isn't loli

ME AND THE BOYS SOUNDS LIKE SOME GAY BOY BAND NAME

Snow is God's dandruff

bologna is just pancake hotdogs.

Area 51 is overrated now it’s all about area 52

Boneless chicken wings are really just chicken nuggets.

If your mom is gay then she likes guys so she's straight

The F in Fortnite is a massive F to all those who decided to play fortnite

when you're thinking about your brain, your brain is thinking about itself

depression is real

Vegans are just people trying to prove that they can live without meat

CHERRY IS THE BEST SMOKING WOOD BY FAR,
FOR CHICKEN.

One day mankind will have all the ideas so plagiarism word for word on an essay is fine

peppa pig is on steroids

All lesbians are from Lesbia

Tuxedo Winnie the Pooh is this week's Unsettled Tom

A baby is just a receipt

Strikes are just adult temper tantrums

Paper is just soft trees

Folded potato chips taste best

If you think about it, all politicians are upvote beggars

British singers don't sound British when singing

Scientology was created by the Mormons as a distraction.

Hot Dogs come in packages of 10, Buns come in 8. A Gov. mind control experiment

I’ve never seen anyone beg people for upvotes in the comments on someone else’s meme

Donuts are disguised bagels

I didn't actually need to bring my own chairs

NSFW memes can never reach #1 position on the front page in fun stream

MINIONS ARE IRRADIATED TWINKIES

Cannibalism would solve both world hunger and over population

plastic is just transparent paper

if the text is small enough, this will get more views

Laptops are merely tablets with a keyboard

You Can Go a Day Without the Internet!

CLASSICAL MUSIC IS JUST HEAVY METAL BEFORE ELECTRICITY

If you kill a murder, the number of murders on Earth will stay the same. If you kill yourself, that's one less idiot on the planet, too.

If "Weird Al" Yankovic were featured in Old Town Road, his parts in the song could be used to promote the obscure Disney animated series "Milo Murphy's Law" (in which Yankovic voices the title role)

Adults enjoy cartoons more than children

We can eliminate debt by making kids pay taxes

TRADING PLACES, LETHAL WEAPON, AND DIE HARD ARE CHRISTMAS MOVIES.

people with beards are just people without beards, but with beards

Ed has no girlfriend because Sheeran away

The day Microsoft releases a product that doesn't suck, it will be a vacuum cleaner. Bill, please

plasma is the 4th state of matter

snakes are just crippled lizards

Progressive ads focus more on comedy than selling insurance

CANADIAN BACON IS JUST HAM

You can control a Gemini in the bedroom. Try and control them outside of it, nice knowing ya.

Every mirror you buy is used

People come to imgflip for the upvotes

Vodka is potato juice

I hait my laif becauz i have bed gramarr

Fertilizer is just steroids for grass

dove chocolate tastes way better than their soap

TACOS ARE JUST MEXICAN HOTDOGS

Expensive paintings are trading cards for rich people.

Black People Can Be Racist.

Pregnant Women are Body Builders

I should upvote this meme

All the Astros players stole signs.....

College is too expensive.

signe h er klog

5 gallon buckets are the original porta-potty

Disney will buy Epstein's private island in the future

earth has a diesease called humanity

I have zero points

hoodies are better than skirts

THE REAL REASON FEMINISTS ARE ANGRY IS BECAUSE THEY'RE UGLY

I eat mcdonalds

Michael Jordan is the GOAT

VELCRO, WHAT A RIP-OFF

this meme will get 1000 views, but 7 upvotes

I want to live

If movies are shit, then trailers are farts

Lattes are just overpriced coffee with cream and flavor added.

fortnite is awesome

Roku is better than Xfinity tv.

A toothbrush is actually a teethbrush

Every picture of you you're younger

God is a turtle and he carries the earth on his back

gravity is doing it's job

The perfect number of kids is 1 less than you already have

gloves are socks for hands

This memes has 0 upvotes and comments

the u.s. government set the amazon rain forest on fire to distract us from the area 51 raid

school is just children prison

Mazes & Monsters is a better D&D movie than the actual D&D movie.

The Russian alphabet is just inverted English

pigs cant fly

A duck is a water chicken

Imgflip is the modern day comic section in the newspaper

Spanish is just English in Español

Spyro the Dragon is the exact opposite of Ash Ketchum

We're all gonna die because most years that had plagues ended with 20

People who speak minecraft enchanting table can read this:
ꖎ𝙹ꖎ ℸ ̣ ⍑ᔑℸ ̣ ╎ᓭ ᑑ⚍╎ℸ ̣ ᒷ ⎓⚍リリ|| ╎⎓ ||𝙹⚍ ᔑᓵℸ ̣ ⚍ᔑꖎꖎ|| ℸ ̣ ∷ᔑリᓭꖎᔑℸ ̣ ᒷ↸ ℸ ̣ ⍑╎ᓭ

you haven't seen the whole movie because you blinked

Sweetheart candies are just edible chalk

Baby Yoda is 50 years old which technically means he's a boomer

America couldn't kill hitler so he killed himself

Can I die now? I don't

Women Named Barb All Have the Same Accent

It’s dumb that “pony bologna” rhymes better than “Sean Bean”

girls should have to put the seat up for guys

if you get a 0 on a test, then your grades should not change

Gerard Way Revenge Era is just a crackhead John Wick

If you sleep with two girls in a 24 hour period, it's the equivalent of a threesome

Dispatched in 3 seconds, now tell me about gun laws.

You can't change my mind.

Australians are just British Texans

yu-gi-oh is just a off-brand pokemon

Valley boll is
Professional hot
Potato

Niggly wiggly is what the little paper flap on a Hershey kisses is called

Millennials are an entire generation of Karens

Valentines day is for dumbasses with too much money to waste

We’re glad that
the patriots
didn’t make the Super bowl

imagine dragons is the digital heartbeat

The amount of attention craved by someone is directly proportional to the number of selfies they post.

THE KIDS WHO REACT TO CRINGY KIDS ARE MORE CRINGY

"bored" and "tired" aren't the same thing

Ice cream is just a milk Popsicle

If you are what you eat, and plants eat sunlight, why are plants not yellow

when you drink coffee you are spilling it on your organs

Santa's just a guy that creepily likes children too much

Christian music shouldn't sound like club music.

George Kittle can run over anyone he chooses.

snakes are basically danger noodles

we all are mortal

This is a poster

I'm going to Whistler to go skiing

WHEN YOU WRITE A HATE COMMENT, THAT PERSON GETS POINTS

Spare parts means you're just better at putting a car together than the engineers

Wherever you go your always looking for things to post on IMGflip

Call of Duty Mobile is just Fortnite with higher resolution

If we install a virus blocker on our bodies we can block the coronavirus

Facebook is a dumpster fire

Social media is ONE of the GREATEST invention of the 21st Century

Hand-sanitizer only kills 99.9% of germs... That 0.1% of a germs is going to come back and kill you

Bloopers are always funnier than the actual sitcom shows

Skim milk is just water with white coloring.

coffee is melted dark chocolate

Whoever killed Hitler was a great man

Spending money on music is a waste of money when you can download it for free off google

There are only 2 genders

Your nudes wont impress me

Ok boomer

Listening To Justin Bieber Is Abuse

RHINOS ARE JUST HIPPOPOTAMUS UNICORNS

I like
Bananas

coke is illegal sugar

The person reading this is the coolest

people are just
smart hedgehogs

white power is a myth

Gamers are just
tech savvy
Boomers

People who have airpods can't afford the wires

Baby yoda is the best thing to come to this planet ever

Fugazi is just the hipster version of The Velvet Underground

Depression is just being sad for no reason

MILEY CYRUS SOUNDS LIKE YOUR 60YR OLD CHAIN SMOKING GRANDMOTHER WHEN SHE TALKS

waffles are just checkered pancakes.🐶

Quiet kids don't talk because they have to save up their toxicity for the right moment

I eat sourdough pretzels almost every day 🥨

I have no will to live

i am bipolar

If Disney messes up Deadpool 3, our next objective is to get enough money to make Sony buy back The MCU, if that fails, we storm Disney Headquarters and take the contract.

Pinnochio only inspired kids to run away and dance for dollas

Epstein did not kill himself

If I drop soap on the ground, the soap is dirty

Facebook should have a "Share only with perverts" option.

I am going to have a baby with my sister

Ricardo Milos is not gay

Florida is just a giant GTA V online server

Raydog abandoned imgflip and all its users

This Meme will never make it to the front page

I need a brain transplant

imgflip will become an app one day

Bet you zoomed in

Tacos are just Mexican hot dogs

BLACK LICORICE IS THE WORST CANDY FLAVOR EVER DEVISED

Stoners are the funniest people

spongebob is not actually a sponge he is just swiss cheese

YOUR NOT SPEACIAL

this will not get 10k views

Lions are just obese kitty cats

Moms spaghetti is the best spaghetti there is

The only thing keeping the "Woman yelling at cat" meme from dying is memes about it dying

Boxer briefs are sports bras for men

You lack the courage to say the things to someone's face that you say behind their back and get away with expressing online

I'm stuck in a basement

We all gonna die

THE AMERICAN COMDEY SERIES "THE OFFICE" IS BETTER THAN THE BRITISH SERIES

The entire concept of the step-dad is proof of how far some dudes will go to clap dem cheeks

Putting Pineapple on pizza is a sin

dirty water can make you sick

youtubers are more influential than politicians

St. Patrick's Day was just 420 for alcoholics

i need a brain transplant

This is a meme

Post Anonymous and the trolls won't know who to troll anymore!

Mashed potatoes are Irish guacamole.

Bluetooth is just fascist wifi

Imgflip is being ruined by people who repost memes for upvotes. It's the truth.

Trash cans are just designated litter spaces.

you want girl scout cookies

100 % who die breathe oxygen

The earth is a hexagon

Upvote beggars should be banned

the most important supply of all in a bunker is the toilet paper

bananas are just potassium swords

Danny devito is immortal
Up vote if yes

The MCU ended at Endgame

Every Imgflip point you have should equal to one dollar

You are too argumentative

Tea is just British water

Penguins are Panda Chickens

Mods now outnumber regular memers

People are just near-hairless monkeys

british is just fancy English

God is really just a kid playing Worldbox on his phone

Chaps are just assless pants.

always use the toilet closest to the janitors office

OBS CHEVYS ARE THE BEST TRUCKS EVER BUILT

Pumpkins taste like shit

IM A BOOMER

Orange is the only color you can taste

NOTHING REALLY MATTERS

Grumpy cat should be in the meme hall of fame

Country is just western emo

Josh from Drake & Josh was funnier while fat and should have stayed fat.

i want a brain transplant

The coronavirus will cause 90% of humanity to lose their minds

Who share Memes They are legends

IT’S OKAY TO LIKE POLITICAL MEMES

If inside out was real we would act the same

getting high won't make you fly

When people ask me how the wedding planning is going ...

WHO NEEDS SEWER ENFORCEMENT? .. I'm peeing right now

An oval is just an inbred circle.

The best memes are relatable

WEST SIDE STORY IS A CRAP ROMEO AND JULIET MAKEOVER

Tropical Storm Karen will end the world

Fortnite < Minecraft

pokemon games should never have sequels

Elsa and Anna's grandfather is the villain in Frozen II.

People who get to the 100th page of the fun stream are legends

Eastan is always making fun of Mrs.Derrico but she always beats him at his own game.

Aaliyah was better than Beyoncé ever will be

Wet dreams are trash!

if you know how to not do it, just do the opposite

Spaghetti is just tomato soup with some ground beef, on top of noodles

Life's not fair.

Baby food is safe to eat for adults

playing the flute is just skillful whistling

Luke Skywalker Sucks at Killing People

alcohol is gay because when your drunk you dont think straight

It doesn't matter if there is climate change. Science and the Bible both say Earth is going to be destroyed by fire.

10 hours version videos are just automatic replays

Beethoven is the best composer.

you got the math problem wrong. teachers

you won't upvote this meme

Colleges should have pacifiers, snack time, and diaper changing

Car trunks that close by pressing a button are the laziest thing ever

the expanding brain meme template is just tuxedo winnie the pooh expanded

I am In need of a brain transplant

If you kill a killer the amount of killers stays the same

Universities should have babysitters

im a virgin

minecraft is better than fortnite. you cant

Coconut gravy is a type of yogurt.

Fortnite sucks

Ice is just water with bones

Facebook stories are stupid

if Ariana Grande's last name is Grande and Grande is French for big than her real name is Ariana Big

Black Friday ruins Thanksgiving

IT'S EASY TO CHANGE MY MIND

The Flu is worse than the Coronavirus

There are memes that didn't exist at all.

people who don't upvote memes they laugh at should be banned

TRY TO

sparks are just fire snowflakes.

Forks are spoons with a Mohawk

2+2=5

reality is not expecation

Disney is a people trap
Made by a mouse

Skiing is just snow ironing.

PlayStation is better than Xbox

PINEAPPLES DON'T BELONG ON PIZZA

Shrek is the best anime

CRABS, SHRIMP, AND LOBSTER ARE JUST BIG OCEAN BUGS

I like to anally probe people who try and change my mind

brownie batter tastes better than the actual brownie

You are paying to keep yourself alive so you can keep working.

If the earth was flat cats would have pushed everything off by now

M.A.T.H
Mental abuse to humans

By stating somebody's English is beyond terrible, you do not prove the content of their statement is wrong.

you never experience a full life cause yo blink

The Star Wars sequels are better than the prequels

you cant fix stupid

DESPACITO Self deleto

Toss a coin to your witcher is the greatest song ever made

baloney is just hot dog pancacks

are you a brain surgeon?

People don't watch Netflix. They binge it.

Soft dudes avoid the truth

Plagiarism is cheating

this mug is black

Santa is a stalker. He knows if you are good or bad.

Flying from the east coast to the west coast & back to the east coast is going back to the future.

A radiophone is a phone which produces radiation.

horse hooves are just one big toe nail

Mashed potatoes is just Irish guacamole

RHINOS ARE OUT OF SHAPE UNICORNS

"I KNOW THAT THERE IS SOMETHING YOU DON'T KNOW."

We should eat cows that create carbon dioxide instead of plants that create oxygen

Hypnosis is the child equivalent of mind control

Jesus can walk on water,a watermelon is 50% water and I can walk on it so I am 50% jesus

Ketchup is a smoothie

white people bully black people because they have bigger dicks then them

Crustaceans are just undersea bugs

Covid-19 is fake news

cousin moching off you for money and parasite no difference.

OVENS ARE JUST ANGRY REFRIGERATORS

life is just one derpy video game

Pre-K Is Just A Prison For Infant Convicts

no questions asked no questions answered

Godzilla is just an iguana on nuclear steroids

It would be hilarious to hear Mike Tyson say worstershire sauce

Back to school is actually hell

Modern Warfare Core Playlist is better than Hardcore

Creepiness is
hereditary

Kobe was the goat and will always be RIP

bill nye the russian spy is just a replaisment for bill nye the irish guy

disney+ should have a what if series for every franchise

You can’t read this

your moms gay

strawberries arent berries

bananas are berries

wii sports has the best in game music

THE EARTH IS FLAT

Lysomes are just garbage dumps for a cell

PUMPKIN BEER SUCKS

breakup with my gf

If you are not bisexual then
you are sexist

Hit and run is just the ultimate tag.

you can save 15% by switching to geico

People deserve to be treated well

The B in LGBTQ implies there is only 2 Genders

Our pets love us more than most of our family members

tp=transportation

The ocean is just whale pee

being born to an antivaxxer is like being spawn killed

No more fire emblem characters in smash

Fortnite is the best game ever

Cheese is Magic

RELIGION IS A FORM OF BRAINWASHING

North America is the biggest island

Christmas is AFTER Thanksgiving

Tacos are just Mexican hotdogs

Hell is just school spelled backwards

Auto-Tune is just 21st century yodeling

I should make an appointment with Dr. Frankenstein

Sad NF songs are the male version of Billie Eilish

Disappointments are fine

Beer is just really soggy bread.

Facebook is run by idiots

People who make fun of people who beg for upvotes are also desperate to get upvotes

Dab rigs are just renamed crack pipes

Monkey

MINECRAFT VS FORTNITE MEMES AREN'T ANNOYING

BLACK LICORICE TASTES LIKE CRAP

Friday the 13th is just another day.

spaghetti is just the noodle form of pizza

noodles are just asian spaghetti

Bruno Mars is the next Michael Jackson

santa is dead

If you stack lasagna on top of lasagna you still have 1 lasagna.

Speedway should be Hess again

Apes actually evloved from us.

Two ovens on top of each other is a Jewish bunk bed

September 20th will be remembered as the "Area 51 massacre"

Harry Potter is outdated

gravity doesn't hold us down we hold on to gravity

change my mind

we need dads dads need 14 years to get milk

French fries are potatoes, so eating them should count as eating vegetables

noodles are just asian spaggita

period

I need a 6 month vacation twice a year

I cant change my mind

Orion is just Omega Firehawk

I need a brain transplant

A.I. will take over everything within the next two decades

Hot Coffee Is Better Than Hot Tea.

Bringing your mom into your memes is like bringing your white girlfriend to Zimbabwe

I need to fart

Pooping is a choice. Not a Privilege.

Santa is just the NSA with presents

WW3 was planned

humans are smart monkeys

you've never seen yourself without the help of an object

Change my mind memes are just people's opinions

Woman yelling at cat is better than this meme

chores is just slaveri

upvotes are addictive.

Cats rule over the world.

If you buy a pencil with an eraser, you’re already admitting you’re stupid

ROMANIA IS TRANSILVANIA

No two Chinese restaurants use the egg drop soup recipe

e

Baby Shark should go do do do do his self

Jar Jar is amazing

I need a brain transplant.

books are just ipads with paper

People saying this won’t get upvotes or no upvotes needed are actually begging for upvotes.

VACCINES DO NOT CAUSE AUTISM

mom = Made Of Money

stuttering is just lagging in real life

The ocean is the worlds biggest toilet

I’m a human being. You won’t

Im thinking about turning gay

Nobody clicks on the "I'm feeling lucky" bar on Google

Cheese is just sliced milk

Aluminum foil is just budget 3D printing.

Watermelons are blue until you cut them open

MAKING MEMES IS BETTER THAN MAKING BABIES

THE KARDASHIANS ARE OVERRATED

water's taste is based on its temperature

Fat people get along with dogs, because of their shared passion for food.

David Bowie is a music genre unto himself

People are now going to beg for followers now, not upvotes

Everything I eat, turns to shit

I have no meme ideas for instagram or imgflip

Tabloid journalists are nothing more than clickbait compilationists

a rhino is just a deformed unicorn

Kill Me Please

If I can drink my own pee when I am dehydrated then I can have unlimited water supply

Evry 60 seconds a minute passes in Africa

Millennials that use "OK Boomer" are just not smart enough to come up with a valid counter argument.

Big Tobacco doesn't want you to vape

Hot dogs are a sub sandwich

CHRISTMAS: The time of year where all Faith's put away thier differences and celebrates paganism!

Eating vegan food is being a herbivore.

MAKING MEMES IS A CAREER

Everything can be used as a weapon except air

GOLDFISH ARE BETTER THAN CHEEZ ITS.

Chickens have nipples

Pigeons are government spies.

Every boy once tought he is made out of 2 persons when he looked at his ballsack

We should do something to pedophiles that makes the holocaust seem like a practical joke.

NO

gravity keeps us on the ground

PINEAPPLE ON PIZZA IS GREAT

fish is not meat

Bruce Wayne is better than Batman

All commercial beer tastes like bitter water

Grass is just hair that grows out of the earth

mah names jeff

upvote everybody's memes

You Can't Punch Me Through a Screen

You cant chage my mind

hate memes

Crepes are just French pancakes

The tie fighter sounds is just the sound of chewbacca on drugs

the yamato was the most underused ship in history

People who make memes about people begging for upvotes are actually doing reverse psychology to get upvotes.

SKY HIGH is an amazing movie

Chrissy Teigen is a dog

No one will like this meme

your oath ends when your contract ends

There is nothing in my cup

I'M CHANGING MY MIND

Jolly Ranchers are just Gay Farmers

Some people's butts fart gas, plasma, solid and liquid

big chungus is a streched bugs bunny

iron man was the best avenger

reality shows are the most scripted shows ever

YouTube Rewind broke there own TOS by stealing other youtubers content

Cats was a good film

IMGFLIP NEEDS TO ADD UNLIMITED SUBMISSIONS

american football shouldn't be called handball because hockey isn't called stickpuck

Violets are purple, not blue.

Teachers are great

Bullying is just being mean because you hate yourslef and you take anger out on other people so you feel better.

Virtual boy is the best console

PB is better than nutella

everyday is a yesterday wasted

College is just highschool but with depts

Darth Maul was a great Star-wars villain

Wanted People should become memes so they actually get recognized

We should just raid the minecraft headquaters for the cave update

HIPSTERS ARE JUST
YOUNGER
DEPRESSED HIPPIES

IMGFLIP

Bernie Sanders is actually 139

Marching Band Should be a sport

I have cancer

bread is just raw toast

this meme will get 69 upvotes and 420 views

Imgflip memes suck

My coffee is cold

If you put a glove on your foot then your foot becomes your hand

The earth is flat. And earth chan isnt flat.

Less talk, more walk.

MAROON 5 IS AMERICA’S NICKELBACK

Food is a drug

This meme will never get more than 50 upvotes

Me saying naruto is bad

I’m gay

im fat

Sliders are just burger shots

pokemon is better than beyblade

Trees are just earth's hair

You can't change my mind

The earth is flat

Chalk is Life

If anything is green your eating vegetables

Vikings is a better series than Game of Thrones

All you need to survive snow is bread and milk

I'm scared of the dentist.

There is no difference between little kids and babies

Baby Yoda is overrated

sonic is the first naruto runner

Camels are pregnant horses

pop tarts are ravioli

A Calzone is a folded Pizza

Smokers have no business talking about the environment or air quality

Australians are British Texans

im gay

Froot loops are just GAY cheerios

we have all watched anime at some point

I'd rather be a vegetarian than do protein powder

Popeyes is better than KFC

This Meme is getting old

Dc is dead

We Have All Technically Kicked A Pregnant Woman

milk is just cow's urine

If you eat a pound of vegetables you gain a pound

Loki isn't dead

australia should stop drop and roll if they want to stop the fires

When people ask me what are you going to eat I say food

Tacos are Mexican Hot Dogs

People are actually gods slaves and when we get friend-zoned its acually god bamboozling us

Billie Eilish DOES NOT Make Good Music

toilets flush straight down at the equator

Microsoft Edge is just a rebranded Internet Explorer

You can’t not have a first name

if fire is not hot then ice is not cold

new memes come to hot memes only thanks to people watching new memes

Any movie is better than Twilight

you can never become a Buddhist because you desire to live

Imgflip should make an official app

"Hide the pain" needs more than a single weekend

MOUSTACHES WITHOUT A BEARD LOOK RIDICULOUS

Yeet is the opposite of Yoink

Free Candy tastes better.

DANCING IS STUPID

Overly Attached Girlfriend
is the cutest meme character on this website.

The Vice City map is two strips of bacon

Every Linkin Park song is now sad

Philosophy hasn’t achieved anything in the past fifty years.

Behind every left wing socialist is a University education

Christopher walken doesnt take a cab He walken home

retarted is actually right

School is the Main Reason of Stress for Kids

rhinos are just trunkless elephants

There are no riders who are consistent enough to stop Marquez winning his 9th title even with his injury

Adult swim is just Cartoon Network for teenagers, young adults, and hip aunts/uncles

A Wendy's Frosty is just soft serve ice cream.

Twitter and Tweets should be renamed to Twatter and Twats

Getting featured in a meme channel is like winning a battle royale

People only started caring about Global Warming after Mr Beast stepped in. You can't

The area 51 raid was just a failed government plan to legally remove all the idiots from the US

starving africans are just skeleton cosplayers

the least spoken language in the world is sign language

You should always take a full week of vacation when moving

I HAVE MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES

women are good

my sub in school said that we are all different shades of brown

Billie Eilish to 14 year old girls is the equivalent of Juice Wrld to 14 year old boys

MODERN POP MUSIC IS JUST GLORIFIED KARAOKE

If you're watching a movie that was written, produced and directed by the same guy it's gonna be shite

if we get rid of people climate change won't be a problem

I DON'T KNOW HOW TO RESIZE TEXT TO MAKE SMALLER

good morning

gif is pronounced gif not jif

These soft dudes act like women

Skylanders are the original amiibos

Based on recent studies, 10 out of 10 lobotomist can

minecraft is more epic than any game by epic games

Nothing dies faster than my memes and dreams

The cat in the hats hat is actually a street cone

YOU WON'T BE ABLE TO CHANGE MY MIND

ALL NUDISTS SHOULD HAVE GREAT BODIES

Joking about Hamburgers with Cows is Impossible

If mermaids are called mermaids, merman should be called merbutlers.

Lizzo's purse was full size

Joe mama is for people who don't understand comedy

THERE'S ONLY THREE STAR WARS MOVIES

Jesus was a virgin

Bats are mammals, so batman is technically a furry

It’s pronounced meme not meme

Brunch is breakfast for alcoholics

We stared the decade w u mad bro memes

Giving kids recess in middle school would make everyone happier

This is a paradox of itself.

you just spent one sceond of ur life reading this meme when u coulda been reading sooo many more

The ABC song is twinkle twinkle song

It should be Alright Imma Head Out

i'm lonely

The earth is round

Vegans Don't Know What They're Missing

Everyday is a good day to die

R2-D2 is the most important and well developed character in the entire Star Wars Saga

gameboy color should have minecraft or fortnite

Yearly appraisal is just a corporate vibe check

Imgflip is the one where you post the dead memes and getting popular

All female rulers are really men in drag

DIE HARD IS A CHRISTMAS MOVIE

you are not special

A quesadilla is just a Mexican grilled cheese sandwich

people making memes about people begging for upvotes are just as bad

YOU CAN'T FIX STUPID.

Not all chickens are good people

vegan chili is just warm salsa

this meme will get less than ten upvotes

Shrek is green, so are leaves, leaves make oxygen and you need to live, so you need shrek to live

Adult contemporary is the worst genre of music in the history of the arts

Inflammable Is Flammable

I am anti-Jesus, not the anti-Christ

RAP HAS RUINED MUSIC

Roger is gay

Ben Sisko was the best Captain that Starfleet ever had

Every meme with a spelling error deserves a downvote.

Beets,bears,Battlestar Galactica

Milk is just cereal sauce

People who point out typos on memes are the dregs of society

markiplier looks like an asian chris pratt

Shoes are just prisons for your feet

100% of moms think that we can pause multiplayer games

We are going to Area 51

This meme is still relevant

Cheese is just expired milk

We thought 2019 was bad,
But 2020 gonna be worse

I.Q. SCORES
DON'T MEASURE ABILITY...
THEY MEASURE POSSIBILITY

when iran calls off WW3

A moustache without a beard looks ridiculous

Hacking in a .io game makes you a no life

this meme is my worst

Halloween is basically an excuse to eat a lot of candy

fall is backwards spring

Climate change made the earth flat.

Most Kid- Friendly Videos Are Restricted Because The Network Admin Is A Mistake

Wouldn't it be nice to know how many shared your meme?

A meme can mention something related to politics without being political in nature

Tesla's Cybertruck looks like Delorean's "on the spectrum" cousin.

Sand is called sand bc it's between land and sea

Coffee is a nesisity

Mercutio and Tybalt's death was fair

Keep it simple stupid

Fortnite is
minecraft with guns

The best Star Trek movie is Galaxy Quest

YOU'RE EITHER AN INNIE OR AN OUTIE

casino's are here for you to make money

KRAFT SINGLES ARE NOT REAL CHEESE AND THEY PROBABLY AREN'T EVEN FOOD

Markiplier is just Keanu reeves in disguise

SLUGS ARE JUST HOMELESS SNAILS

Birthday cake isn't a flavor, it can be any flavor

HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES IS JUST AN EXTREME VERSION OF ROCKY HORROR

Manned spacecraft are just aquarium for humans.

Women have rights

Grumpy cat can't die because his legend never died

C-3PO is just as annoying in The Empire Strikes Back as Jar Jar was in The Phantom Menace

You shouldn't try to change my mind

Softshell tacos are just lazy folded burritos

TDS sufferers have no sense of humor.

I type so fast that scip words and leters

Gary Cherone was the best Van Halen singer

IF YOU TRY DYING, YOU DIE TRYING

Can
U

Jack Nicholson is still the best Joker

the american education system sucks

Humpty Hump is the greatest rapper of all time

Part of being a smart person is admitting when you sound stupid.

SINCE TOMATOES ARE FRUITS THEN KETCHUP IS JELLY

fruit loops are gay cheerios

If i can touch 'em, they're real.

Steak is best rare

YouTubers are not celebrities

Sweating is just your skin crying

Smart phones, smart cars, and smart water are all stupid

Toast is just crispy bread

The Department made me ride an Electra Glide. I rode a Road Glide off duty, because it's a better bike. BMW guys can ignore this meme, because you wouldn't get anyway.

Happy meme year! .

Water Polo would be better with horses

the joker is just suckerpunch without hot chics

Broly is stronger than Jiren

vegetarians are eating plants that help remove carbon dioxide so carnivores are good for life in general

Angels are just time travelers

Cute girls are better than hot ones, Don’t

Windstream is garbage

mountains arent just funny, they're hill areas

Chinese food basically tastes the same no matter where you go

Ok now, I

I bet you can't read this entire text because of how long it is, if you actually stay to read this whole thing maybe you can catch all the speling errors I bet you just missed the one but I don't know, I wonder how small the text is at this point but can you even read bro, I wonder how long it is becaus this is just a change my mind thing I wonder if you just caught that spelling error how long is this, this will go on forever, I'm just making this meme because I am bored, the words are probably extremely tiny, which is a shame, I wonder if anybody can read it, if you can please type it into the comments, it would make my day, and I will upvote a meme you make, oh gosh, how long is this, this is probably longer than a paragraph, how small can this get, I wonder, I really wonder, well time to keep typing, at this point I should just start typing random gibberish, so here goes. enfrfrightvbjhtvhcifvbitvbtihvtovhtovhtiogvjkcofgvnhiufgvniuftkvncijkfcvfubciuvfvhbfoivbfovbofvifjvifvhfivgfivhfvhfiovhfovhfovfidfhn uivfbvruivhirvhorvhirovhrhofhr vfovhivhirovhivhofvhrovhrfvhohvorhvfovhofhvfvhvfriovfhvhovhoivfohivrfhoivohivfhoivfrhiovrhiorvfhovrhovrhovrhovrohivrfhiovrfhvrhvrfhi there is my meme

if 2 guys are gay one of them is most likely gonna act like a lady

Mr. Potato Head is the real villain of Toy Story

water isn't wet

vodka is just angry water

Thor should have gone for the head

Fat Doesn't Equal Thicc

The only reason Disney is making live action remakes is because they ran out of ideas

Yoy can't marry a man you just met.

muscle is worse than fat
because it hurts more
when punched in the guts

Water cannot be wet

USING COMIC SANS IS BETTER THAN USING TIMES NEW ROMAN

Saying Le instead of The doesn't make you funnier.

i'm only 24 and haven't gone through puberty in my entire life

everyone's only happy because Christmas is near

PETER FONDA SHOULD BE FIRED INTO THE SUN

An apple keeps the worms alive. Don't

ur gay

Electric bill is to high

Football is just baseball and soccers kid

I'm open minded

YOU FIND IT OFFENSIVE AND I FIND IT FUNNY. THAT'S WHY I'M HAPPIER THAN YOU

Cardi B stands for Cardiovascular Bronchitis because her music is a disease

I NEVER LEFT THE STREAM

We have to keep Fortnite alive to keep the annoying kids away from Minecraft.

If men should put the seat down, women should put the seat up

3.141592653589
79323846264338
32795028841971

my mind can't be changed

End fortnite

pokemon is good

woman is just man with a "wo" at the beginning

We built the pyramids to hide from dinosaurs

There are only 2 genders

Candy corn is just cake frosting left to sit out

Flavoured ice cream cones should exist

A more expensive guitar wont make you play better

Kiss is the Nickelback of the 1970’s

There should be no school the day after Halloween

I have no life

this year was shit

Winning the lottery won’t make You happier

This is my last meme comment i'll ever make of the decade

Splatoon fanart is disgusting

In need of brain transplant

The Sunday Night Football Theme Gets Worse Every Season

I am Not in Love with you

Drinking Coca Cola makes you a beetle vampire

CALIFORNIA IS LIKE A
THIRD WORLD COUNTRY

When a child asks why they are in trouble is disrespect

Since today is Minecraft's 10th birthday, we should get to play Minecrafts in class

I like trump. WOW

imgflip is the best website

Minecraft nether update should be called one hell of an update

Super Smash Bros. Ultimate is a more ambitious crossover than Avengers: Endgame

im a sinner

My parents understand memes just as well as I do.

global warming is just the tides coming in permanently

I'm in Australia

Ketchup is just a tomato smoothie

Why don't we's new song CHILLS is the GREATEST song to ever exist!

Caillou is bald because he has cancer

Marriage

Your moms gay

People only have airpods to flex

CHIHUAHUAS ARE JUST BIG RATS THAT BARK AND HAVE BIG EARS

If Lois Lane was any good at her job she'd recognise Superman

memes to millennials what newspaper is to boomers

Buy American! made in China

Luigi always wins by doing absolutely nothing

Hershey's Kisses is just one big chocolate chip with wrappings and some thin paper sticking out

HOT POCKETS ARE JUST GIANT PIZZA ROLLS

this meme is dead

Side slabs are needed

if you make a meme someone else already made, but you did not know they had already made it, you have not stolen anything

Math was made to make people cry

chrissy teigen is fat and really really ugly

Too many dates disappear in restaurant bathrooms

GOLF IS AN ACTIVITY NOT A SPORT

Sans is never coming to smash bros

I made a meme someone will probably steal all the credit

DEMOCRATS KEEP MINORITIES AND THE POOR DOWN

PTSD is just spicy nostalgia

My mind can't be changed

THE SIMPSONS IS BETTER THAN FAMILY GUY

Water is boneless ice

Too many Area 51 memes

ABC covered up for Epstein

All KISS songs sound alike

I HAVE ZERO INTEREST IN THE UPCOMING JOKER FILM.

Why blame gay's for being gay? Isn't it straight people making these gay babies?

WASHINGTON D.C. IS A SHITHOLE COUNTRY

Fortnite is roblox on steroids

save the turtles

Batman is a deformed ape that tries to be a bat by jumping off buildings.

Billie Eilish is Joker for Boys.

change your mind

YOU ARE TOO CHICKEN TO SEND ME NUDES

balogna is just a hot dog pancake

Harambe was a government cover-up.

Sprite,7-UP, and Sierra mist taste the exact same

Waffles are just pancakes with abs

Pretzel rods are just salt licks for humans

Disney will end the marvel cinematic universe by having Deadpool kill everyone

Y'all are gonna die trying to raid area 51...

COLLEGE IS JUST AN ORPHANAGE FOR TWENTY YEAR OLDS

A pizza without bones is boneless

Its only gay if you like it

Im Gay

Humans are fish. We can’t live without water.

When the
Comminusts come for me
All I need to survive is bread and vodka

Roblox or Minecraft? Which one?

Popsicles are edible pacifiers

All signs are stupid. I never met an intelligent sign.

Lego worlds was made by a group of people who believe the world is flat

I'M SURROUNDED BY IDIOTS

DESPITE THE NUMBER OF CATEGORIES FUN AND POLITICS ARE THE ONLY REAL ONES!

Germany could not have won ww2

Ice is just frozen water

you are almost blind

You can't change my mind

Rhinos are just chubby unicorns

I don't care about women's soccer

Nobody cares what you put on your bloody pizza.

COKE IS BETTER THAN PEPSIE

when you hate elavaters but you don't want to take the stairs

12 Monkeys, Looper, and Primer are the only good movies about time travel

Life's too short to live at your moms your whole life

Gary Gygax enabled us to be gamers.

Baby Yoda is too overhyped

This won't get more than 6 up votes 😥

Don't change my mind.

Epstein didn't kill himself

"Epstein didn't commit suicide" is 2019's "Everybody Walk the Dinosaur"

Soup is just food-flavored tea

Iceland and
Greenland should
swap names.

So let me get this straight passengers on Dive boat died from smoke inhalation, burned to crisp,and sunk to the sea floor and drowned ?

Fortnite is only poular because it's free

CEREAL IS JUST BREAKFAST SOUP

Shrek hates communist.

space is not full of galaxies, it's just our distance between each other

there are two genders

All mosquitoes deserve to burn in hell for all eternity no matter the effect on the world's ecosystems.

Hydration stations should be standard on Trick-or-Trick routes

Vince Guaraldi has the best Christmas album

The Nochless Monster is just God's test subject and earth was his victim

A stick is just a small log

I really don't believe in most of the shit I say but it pays good

This is a change my mind meme

1 plus 1 should be 11 not 2

The reason we have mass shootings mass suicides and mass drug overdoses is because of the foolish incorrect imaginary belief that all problems all people have are caused by previous trauma and negative life events which trivializes the symptoms of all psychiatric conditions and treats them as though they can be overcome with will power and positivity

toes are nice

Gay men are great because they eliminate some of the competition for ugly straight men

you can't change my mind

ive never had an upvote

IHOP's name change sucks

Im depressed

Cherry flavored lollipops are just cough drops on sticks

tomatoes are just red grapes

Jesus had 2 dads and he turned out just fine...

french fries are just potatos from france

Every day is the same just with different scenarios

shut up

if you identify as an attack helicopter the opposite gender is attack airplane

people who don't use imgflip are missing out

Imgflip is only used by teachers to make cringey 2009 memes.

Ketchup is a smoothie

Kobe is not top 5 all time

Wayne and Garth were way smarter than Bill and Ted, and all four were smarter than Beavis and Butt-head.

Zombs Royale is 2D Fortnite

Wyoming dosent exist

We should wear Nokia armour to the Area 51 raid.

Article 13 Needs To Be Revoked

I should be meme of the decade

You can't say staff sergeant with out a sergeant

Ya mum gey

Baby Yoda is to us as Minions are to 40 year old aunts

Bad Luck Brian and Hide The Pain Harold are brothers.

a ballistic knife is a mini cannon that shoots knives

We all have names that a prostitute wouldn't want!

The Mandalorian is far better than TRoS.

Nightmares are just spicy dreams

Freebird is not Stairway

Alfredo pasta is just fancy mac n cheese

I'm a worthless piece of shit

X decides to revive himself and takes revenge

Diarrhea is just boneless poop

PewDiePie taking time of from YT is an excuse to get nasty with Marzia

Imgflip.com is pure memes

When people say do nothing I say I can't,I'm always standing

when you wake up you are more tired than when you go to bed

I have the worst meme ideas

VSCO girls are okay as long as they don't say "sksksk" or "save the turtles"

your moms a hoe

no real human would put pinapple on pizza

I’ve decided to have a brain transplant.

Boomers is an amusement park for old people.

You're not the boss of me

I'm considering a brain transplant.

school is better than a big party

i hate school

anglais

'Home Alone' wouldn't have happened if they'd ordered enough cheese pizza

PROTESTING DID NOTHING

IMGFlip is an adequate substitute for social interaction

Women's soccer players are almost as good as 14 year old boys

Die Hard IS a Christmas movie

Golisopod's Emergency Exit is a unique and a helpful ability that can save it from death in a Nuzlocke giving you the ability to keep progressing

HOT DOGS ARE GERMAN BURRITOS. CHANGE MY MIND.

Baby yoda is just a green blob with huge ears and big eyes. You can't

Only psychics can

Minecraft is the best game ever

The raid on Area 51 is doomed to fail

Doves are just pampered albino pigeons

only one million dollars can

you never whatched a full movie because you blink

Captain marvel was useless in endgame

Love who you want to love

Toys"R"Us is coming back

Gremlins are the original Minions

I put effort into my memes for no reason

alien starts with a lie

The only reason your Parents gave You a Middle Name is so You can know just how pissed off They really are

Farts smell so deaf people can enjoy them too

Country music is just farm emo

My mind has a dirty diaper

JUST DECORATE A DIFFERENT PART OF THE HOUSE WITH EACH HOLIDAY SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO TAKE DOWN SHIT ALL YEAR LONG

Legs are just thicker arms

Pickles are just bumpy cucumbers for your liking

Alice in Chains "Jar of Flies/Sap" Double EP is one of the greatest Rock vinyls ever released.

The moon landing never happened

You can't change my mind.

HILLSHIRE FARM IS THE BEST SUMMER SAUSAGE

Carrot Cake is good, you are just eating the wrong recipe

Useless facts are an important part of our daily lives

MIKE AND IKES ARE JUST TUBED SHAPED JELLY BEANS

Communion wafers should be Doritos

Naptime should go throughout all grades

YouTube should let users comment on videos with memes

Im a good person

people should stop begging for upvotes

KOMBUCHA IS JUST MOLDY JUICE

Belle Delphine is an actual person and has feelings

Die Hard isn't
a Christmas
movie

Imgflip should create a DANK MEMES section

change the lightbulb. its not demigorgans

HP is better than Dell

You guys refuse to view my meme page!

Clint eastwood is the best gorillaz

im not going to have any veiws, upvotes, or comments because im new to imgflip

Just because I don't stab you, doesn't mean we're cool

i sell drugs but i am going to

BONE-OUT CHICKEN WINGS ARE JUST CHICKEN NUGGETS

It was the crackhead next door

Water is not wet

tacos trucks are better than ice cream trucks

THE HEAT IN THE CAR GETS HOT FASTER IF YOU WAIT UNTIL THE TEMPERATURE GAUGE MOVES UP A BIT BEFORE TURNING IT ON

90% of times the phrase "ok boomer" was used, it wasn't even said to a baby boomer.

Anime was a mistake caused by Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Raul Julia is the best Gomez Addams.

The Cat in the Hat is a Timelord

Stop YouTube from making bad Decisions

You are gay

MLMs are cults

Unicorns are just Instagram rhinos

Jesus invented the t-pose

BIG GIRLS NEED LOVE TOO.

SHARKY'S MACHINE WAS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE

Hot dogs are just circled hambugers

NFL Refs have gigantic hard ons for Aaron Rodgers

No one can change anyone's mind on Facebook.

Forrest Gump is American Mythology

im a rich loser

You CAN live on minimum wage

Girrafes are long-necked jaguars

Everyone here is a normie

The Holdo Maneuver is the worst decision in Star Wars canon

Santa isn’t real

Bagels are just plain donuts

Drop out of school kids and play Fortnite

**pe is legal in Asia

Begging for upvotes or reposting won't get you any points or upvotes, it will just get you downvotes

gum is alcohol for kids

Disney ruins movies, books, and Medieval times.

simon says

Not all memes are funny

Popeyes won't have enough chicken sandwiches

megalovania still is a jam

Jared Leto's Joker is no longer relevant

The Lion King remake is an animated film on a live action background

this year was worse than last year

no one knows what this meme originally said

LOVESHRINERS.ORG kids are actually dwarf crisis actors.

Next time I beat my meat i'm telling my sister

im gonna delet my account

stairs are just little walls you walk up

Pewdiepie is better than T series

I'm telling you to change my mind.

dora and boots

TACOCAT IS THE SAME THING BACKWARDS

The "S" in cheer stands for sport

Rhinos are just fat and bald unicorns

New Country is like 90's R&B

Notre Dame was a tragedy and people should stop joking about it

THE MANDALORIAN IS JUST LONE WOLF AND CUB IN SPACE

blue eyes white dragon is the best pokemon

The old Star Wars movies were better

Corn and potatoes are still vegetables

Harry Potter fits into the genre of horror, not fantasy

The CGI in the Cats 2019 trailer isn't as bad as people say it is

I'm being forced against my will in this reality to make you guys differentiate my opinion.

Waffles are pancakes with abs

Jon Snow is just a dollar store Aragorn

By the time they storm area 51, the government will have simply moved the aliens and spacecraft to a new site

Minecraft is FUN

THE WORLD IS WAVY LIKE LAYS

roblox is pretty much minecraft

youtube rewind 2019 is trash

memes are the most important meme of the year

Billie Eilish's true parents are
Leonard Cohen
and Avril Lavigne

Captain marvel is the most useless avenger

Cereal is breakfast soup

SJWS ARE ASSHOLES

People never really change their minds.

Feminisim is cancer

Even though they’re hidden, we all read the low rated comments

This year's YouTube rewind is the laziest YouTube rewind yet

You CAN change my mind

This meme is gonna hit 1 upvote only

Yoda is just a cute frog with long ears.

the new sonic looks as bad as will smith genie

I'm Ash from Evil Dead.

The best people during Halloween are those who do tricks and treats

Chocolate milk is cold hot chocolate

if this gets 50 upvotes i will create a grath thats bigger than 290

hurricanes should be named after things people find disgusting

The vast majority of metal nowadays isn't real metal.

When a nation loses its moral compass it starts going South immediately.

Sign to kill me

memes

If Muslims take over the world, germs will be referred to as "infidels"

Costa Rica Sucks

save the turtles

"The Grinch" and Yoda are cousins.

The Illuminati is watching you.

Im in Australia

YOU LEARN NOTHING YOU NEED IN LIFE IN SCHOOL

That "Hanesherway" guy is going on a hunger strike until he gets upvotes to this meme !!!

All pizza should be stuffed crust pizza

This meme isn't funny

Two genders
Two terms

Being a furry doesn't mean you're gay

Area 51 is just a gold mine. The gold pays for the jets, and the jets protect the gold

Michael Crawford was the best Phantom

Shapeware is just modern corsets

boats and hoes

I am never going to ask you to change my mind

Donuts are hole food.

This "meme" wont get more than 8 upvotes

The mathematical society is a counter culture

Putting words in meme form must automatically make it true. Change my mind.

Tacos are burgers in a different costume

If God is the oldest man in the universe he's technically a Boomer.

BALONEY IS JUST A BIG COLD HOT DOG

Ppl are begging for Things Like money and Upvotes and Suscribers and Follows on Instagram

PEAS is just green CORN

Lemons are not edible

The Harry Potter series is just Star Wars with sucky lightsabers

Hello, now that I think about it... I

Baldi is better than Slenderman

Memes on Imgflip are decent

If tomato is fruit ketchup is smoothie

PEE IS JUST LIQUID POOP

In order to have life you must have the universe. But in order to have the universe you must have life.

The ability to destroy a planet was more significant than any use of the Force in Star Wars

Pluto is a planet

This a bad meme

Anti-Vax moms most likely don’t vaccinate there kids to kill them and no matter what they wont vaccinate them ever

The earth is flat because Minecraft is flat and Minecraft is facts

You are a beautiful human being that deserves to be respected and valued

Dogs are boys and cats are girls

Raydog makes good memes

TRUMP IS A PEACH

I don't know how to change my mind

ur so fat that when you joined MySpace there was no space left

nutela is just German peanut butter

The most upvoted images are people beging for upvotes

ALL COUNTRY MUSIC SHOULD BE IN THE EMO GENRE

women want equal rights but not equal responsibilities

All the good memes are taken

you`re a nazi

On each argument there si a counterargument

I believe it's good to be open minded

World War Two wouldn't have happened if someone killed Hitler in World War One.

mythology is just bad fanfiction for real life

Curtains are just dresses for windows.

Ariel was a hoarder

Water is wet

I am always wrong, right?

IN THE WORD "QUEUE" ALL THE LETTERS AFTER THE Q ARE SILENT

The reason Disney’s ticker symbol is DIS is because they’re always dissing Pixar.

area 51 is where they store shrek 5, skate 4, and poral 3

COMMENT MEMES ARE BETTER THAN SUBMISSIONS

the moon landing was faked

My invisible friend is at my side

Working in a call center is giving me high blood pressure and grey hairs.

Ur Mum Weird

Children are just sentient STDs

Black people are
white people
in night mode

dress is just longer t shirt

The caffeine is going to my head

Karens are just zombies in hardcore mode

Siblings falling over is hilarious

I want to make a terrible meme that no one will like

Black clothing is the worst color of clothing to wear during summer ! Especially black foot wear !

kangaroos are just desert frog puppies

donald duck is a duck

Xbox is better than ps4

Sleep is just death without the commitment

Change the text on the meme & nobody bats an eye. Use the wrong template & everyone looses their minds

Going towards end of thread week will become the end in 13

Facebook Practices Information Suppresion

Minecraft is still popular

Soft serve ice cream is just a stale milkshake

joaquin phoenix & rooney mara, the cutest Hollywood couple

MY LITTLE PONY IS FOR LITTLE GIRLS

Fat people are harder to kidnap

White claw is just new age Zima

Pineapple on pizza is great

Shrek is a subversive masterpiece with incredible animation and a creative storyline and is by far the greatest movie of all time. Don't

Becoming a spy won't get me killed

this coffee tastes like SH%T

No song makes you feel more like an instant badass than the Bee Gee's "Staying Alive"!

The bachelorette is staged

AIR COMPRESSORS AT GAS STATIONS ARE ALWAYS OUT OF ORDER

Lyrical lemonade is better than worldstar

you dont know what my mug says

Going to jail and staying there for tax fraud is recommitting the crime

I s-p-e-l-l-e-d every word in this s-e-n-t-e-n-c-e with six l-e-t-t-e-r-s or more

CRANBERRY SAUCE FROM THE CAN IS BETTER

technically all guys will fail no nut november since they still have nuts

No one can ever be a vegan for all of their life because everyone has drinkin breast milk which comes from an "animal"

the Boston tea party was a waste of tea

winnie the pooh is pennywise stalking his next victime

I like you

Minecraft is better than fortnite

All mass shooters should be shoot in the head on scene

If you actually pay attention to your grow your product wont have seeds..

We need a stream for smart alec test answers.

You can’t taste food at a party hall with the music blasting

WALT`S CDJR HAS THE BEST DEALS TRY AND

DARTH VADER WOULD KICK KYLO REN'S ASS

FEMINISTS SHOULDN'T HAVE RIGHTS

AVENGED SEVENFOLD IS THE NICKELBACK OF METAL

TACO CAT SPELLED BACKWARDS IS TACO CAT

I will be your valentine

COUNTRY MUSIC IS JUST FARM EMO

Pineapple and pizza go together like peanut butter and tuna fish

Live action Disney shows and movies are stupid

Disgusted tom face is still ok to use

Pineapple belongs on PIZZA

Cyber bullying isn't real. Just don't look at the comments

SJW'S ARE HORRIBLE PEOPLE

Percy Jackson is better than Harry Potter

Baby yoda is just a hairless gremlin

Haters gonna hate.

In Endgame the only reason they killed Iron man was to boost reviews. Thor, Captain Marvel, and Wanda Maximoff could have done it and survived.

jeff goblem is better than jeff dunham

VSCO Girls can be men too

I SAY MERRY CHRISTMAS

IM BLACK

you really want to change my mind

Jesus Christ rose from the dead! And, you're all a bunch of dirty heathens that need savin'

Wall-E is the most hauntingly prophetic movie ever created

Yellow Starburst is better than Pink Starburst

saying OK boomer to someone who is younger than you should be allowed

Team leaders are underworked, overpaid wastemen

NoT ANTRAPTOR

There's girls on imgflip

Don't even try! CANDY CORN
SUCKS!

Kids are just stupid little people

if you already have autism you dont need anti vax

The coffee industry and the toilet paper industry are connected.

I will wipe out half of all living creatures

I don't want my mind changed...

Dungeons and Dragons is not satanic

Raydog is the creator of doge

the downvote button is pointless because all they do is flag images when there's already a flag button and speaking of which this is probably going to get a lot of downvotes because i put so much text it's annoyingly small and difficult to read

The birds work for the bourgeoisie

Pelosi's Are FAKE (.Y.)

Mario 64 is the best Mario game

The Tesla window fail was just a marketing ploy.

All creatures in area 51 have aids

a lamborghini is a copy of a ferrari

When you juxtapose the letters, Car Wash becomes War Cash

a couch is just a dead sheep covered in other dead sheep

Stupid people should not use the Internet

Spongebob IS GAY

i am best me me ever chang mind

When Ali-a dies, we're going to do Take The L on his grave

I will never get laid

Jason Griffith is the best Sonic

Donuts are bagels with makeup on.

The Bombardier CRJ 550 is totally not just a renamed CRJ 700

When you fart in public, you’re actually drawing attention to your ass.

Sonic is like thanos because they both need stones to be stronger

Pet and stray cats are just small squeaky lions

MOST WARS ARE STARTED BY JERKS THAT WANT STUFF BUT DON'T WANT TO PARTICIPATE

I'm alone right now

gravity falls is da best

this is an overused meme

Don't Change My Mind

"SPARKLING GRAPE JUICE" IS JUST GRAPE SODA THAT THINKS IT'S BETTER THAN YOU!

Waffles are just pancakes with abs

Mondays
Suck.

I know darn well that you're sitting on the remote

Reverse card

This generation cannot ram the ramparts like our 4 fathers

People who watch dubbed animes are actual weebs

THE OSCARS ARE RIGGED

the earth is a space pizza

Australia doesn't exist. When you go on a plane to go there they just take you to a laboratory, knock you out and put a vr on you.

Life would be easier if words were spelled the way they sound

I AM A FURRY

ENOUGH IS ENOUGH

I feel a great swell of pity for the people going to going into Area 51 looking for trouble...

fools and their money are soon parted

Boeing is better than Airbus

I require brain surgery

Nothing screams I'm ghetto more than a cracked cellphone screen.

The only thing better than memes is Minecraft

'Empowering' is an anagram of 'women gripe'

The impossible BK Burger is disgusting

Furrys are thots

Liking your own comment is like kissing your reflection in the mirror.

chesse is a loaf of milk

the only reason people have Xbox's is because " My friends have it"

GETTING RID OF GUNS WILL INCREASE THE USE OF KNIVES

if they remove cash, there will be no change

Every single individual non-cloned Cannabis plant has unique psychotropic & healing qualities

Girls aren't thick it's fat

Elmo is a Teletubbie

The Internet connects people by disconnecting them

people who think bacon is nasty is not american

Pewdiepie will die on october 29th

Telling someone to smile when they don't feel like it is bullshit. It's telling them to mask their true feelings.

I'm going to sit here and be stubborn

popeye's and chick-fil-a chicken sandwiches are just sandwiches

All school shootings happen at school so if we ban school there will be no more school shootings

yuri is best girl

KOMBUCHA IS JUST ANOTHER FORM OF CHEMOTHERAPY

Im not responsible for my actions.

manoply is the original battle royale

A cough is a crunchy breath

This meme will not get 14 upvotes

yur dom

Shrek is the best anime

AMERICAN FOOTBALL IS ABOUT AS FUN AS TRENCH WARFARE

USB stands for "United States of Britain"

Women look so much better in summer. There must be two groups of them, the group we see in winter and another group for summer.

Life sucks ass

You can't change my mind

There's photographic evidence that the Earth is round, not flat.

I think that Nintendo land is a good game

Audacious and Bold are Synonyms for Incredibly Stooooooopid

memes are the greatest

E Is A Word

I'm not stubborn.....I'm principled

A good night sleep is UNDERRATED!

SPIDERMAN IS A NUISANCE AND NEEDS TO BE STOPPED!

Death... They only great adventure i have left

i am forever alone

MODERN FEMINISTS ARE JUST WALKING CAT FOOD. THEY’VE GOT HALF A DOZEN CATS AND WHEN THEY DIE ALONE, THE CATS EAT THEM.

Sony Sucks

Fruit loops are gay cheerios

Youtuber is not a job

big chungus is a bad meme

Man is a star on the stage of the Universe

This Meme will
Moisten Your Brain

gays sound funny

Me and the boys week is stupid

those afraid of ai, have a right to be afraid

SOME OF Y'ALL NEVER WET THE BED AT NIGHT AND HAD YOUR FACE RUBBED IN IT IN THE MORNING AND IT SHOWS.

Amazing is the most overused word.

pokemon is a game that tortures innocent wild animals

scrunchies on guys hands are gay

Retweeting is basically reposting

White crayons are the most useless crayons in the box

Cannibalism is gay because you want a man inside you.

Rhino is the member of the Boys representative of your little brother who Mom forced into the group because he was left out

Taco Tuesday should be moved to Friday.

100% of people who live die

15% of the Iraq war fund would've fixed social security for the next 75 years.

Everyone is followed by one bot

There's no such thing as a selfless good deed

i'm not a self-centered jerk

People who hate taking showers Hate being out in the rain

This meme will never get old

TRUMP IS BETTER THAN OBAMA WAS IN EVERY WAY

SPORTING A BEARD IS JUST A WAY OF SAVING MONEY ON SHAVING GEAR

POLITICAL MEMES CAN ALSO BE "FUN"

Video games don’t cause violence

UHF is a GREAT movie

nitrous oxide holds the key to the meaning of life

minecraft is better than fortnite

seals are water puppies

jeffery epstein didn't kill himself

Fortnite is the best game of all time

Tuesdays feel just like Mondays.

You can successfully change my mind

Morgrave Miscellany is the best Eberron product on DMs Guild

I pour milk before the cereal as it helps me calculate the amount of cereal thou shall eat in order to not waste thy nutritious loops

i steal memes without giving credit to the actual person who made the meme because i have no originality and no life

fortnite is dying and so is my will to live

The crazy lady is always wrong, and the cat is always right.

instead of just celebrating july 4th for independence day, we should mourn the loss of bob ross as well

Batman is just a spoiled rich kid who has a proclivity for going around dressed as a bat

NO.

THE STAR WARS PREQUELS WERE ALRIGHT

People are aliens from Earth

Tater tots are just bloated French fries

the 2020s are 2010s on steroids

Change My Mind

Cobrar el 30% de honorarios al trabajador es muy poco

JESUS IS
REAL

Cheese pizza tastes delicious with extra cheese

STAR WARS IS BETTER THAN STAR TREK

The letter W shold be double V. ---> vv

Oktoberfest is just an excuse to be drunk

A ''trekker'' is just a ''trekkie'' who doesn't have sense of humor.

All smart speakers are wiretaps

My Hero Academia is the best anime to be made

Pandarians in World of Warcraft should be able to be death knights.

Shooting stars are just people who fell off rainbow road in Mario kart

Your cardio sucks

Everyone at NASA should be arrested and charged with fraud

There is more to life than just getting upvotes

Cobblestones are superior to plain concrete pads.

Toxicraccoon makes normie memes

All dogs should be put down and be extinct

My mind shit it's pants

Black people are white people in night mode

My mind can't be changed

if u touch ur male friends hand u are gay

Tiger ist der beste Matchplay Spieler aller Zeiten

I need a brain transplant

Everyone is buying fireworks on the Fourth of July

Liquid Assets are Better than Fake

MOST OF THE STUFF WE LEARN('T) IN SCHOOL WAS UDDER BULLSHIT

Upvote begging is very stupid

NNN has almost the same mechanics as Demise

Deadpool is a Disney princess

Snickers is the best chocolate bar.

I'M NOT GAY

Rehab is for quitters

I would never cheat on my wife

You can't use social media and also hate on cellphones and computers.

If everything is colorful, and colorful means gay, then everything is gay

The expanding brain meme isn't funny

Atheism is the Opposite of Science

Karens are boomers

BEING IN THE MILITARY DOESN’T AUTOMATICALLY MAKE YOU A GOOD PERSON.

Imgflip should just get rid of the upvote feature all together

The Unsettled Tom meme template is old and dead

I keep thinking that stubborn might be the same as determined

Santa doesn't exist

90% OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE ADHD OR ADD DONT ACTUALLY HAVE IT

Although portrayed as irrelevant, what libraries teach about search skills and evaluatig information, among other things, is interesting and useful.

I have two of the same coffee cups, including the one I'm drinking out of.

TRUMP SHOULD NOT BE PUSHED OFF THE EDGE OF THE WORLD

Hockey is a combination of Football, Golf, Soccer, Ice Skating and Checkers

Alcohol is just spicy water

The h in UNIVERSITY is stands for happiness

Soup is just colored water with food

Teacher's favor the popular kids and believe their lies

Hot dogs aren’t sandwiches

Society is a slave system

jeffery epstein is still alive

100% of people who have yellow piss die

I need a brain transplant

School is prison for children.

In-laws aren’t all that bad

The washington monument is really a tribute to bill clinton

I believe in brain transplants

there are too many elements that we have to learn

THE NFL IS RIGGED

There are subliminal & not so subliminal messages in Disney movies. #aliberalagenda

LONG-TERM UNEMPLOYED JOB SEEKERS DESERVE INTERVIEWS, TOO.

Mary Poppins is only popular because of Yondu

THE WALKING DEAD IS JUST A SOAP OPERA WITH ZOMBIES.

If you're schedule is "too crazy" for church, then you need to change your schedule.

YAHTZEE IS A STUPID GAME

It should be called "Mariners Field" and not "T-Mobile Park".

fortnite sucks

chips is basically vegetable paper

IF YOU'RE SEXIST THEN YOU'RE GAY

The big three auto makers and the US Government are trying to put Tesla out of business

Gifs are memes made into movies

Being a "self-proclaimed" anything automatically disqualifies you

Endgame was good but overhyped

Pete Rose deserves a nomination to the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame.

i am not stupid

Geometry dash will not make you break your ipad

Australian Girls Are The Hottest

Gay people are equal to us.

Gay people are homosexual

PLAYING FORTNITE IS A WASTE OF TIME

Chihuahuas are a**holes

exams just show how well you can memorise things

Croutons belong in soup, not salad.

All the best songs are four minutes

60 YEAR OLDS SHOULD NOT WEAR LINGERIE

Distracted boyfriend's girlfriend is waaaaay hotter than the chick he's ogling

Yams and Sweet Potatoes are the same thing

Vaping is still smoking.

The live action remake of Rurouni Kenshin was actually good.

This cup is half empty not half full

The Goldbergs is this generation's The Wonder Years

suicide is the answer to eveything

The Last Jedi sucks

the earth is a large mass of liquid encased in a larger mass of solid, therefore it could be considered a ravioli

Christians

METAL IS THE BEST, MOST DIVERSE TYPE OF MUSIC

IMGFLIP NEEDS TO MAKE A MEMORIAL STREAM

DC's BATMAN beats anything Marvel has!

Sonic is just the blue version of the flash

if furries wanna act like animals we should have the right to hunt them like animals

avenngers endgame is full of endgame spoilers

Too hot summer..climat change
Too cold winter.. climat change

Coffee is one of the most important inventions to mankind

If there was a cash bar at Back to School Night, there would be no need for school fundraisers... FOR THE REST OF THE YEAR! 😂

at least half relationship will fail

Pyro in tf2 takes no skill

The Jericho is garbage!

The ABC song and twinkle twinkle little star are the same tune

Annabelle and Chucky should have a crossover movie

Ovaltine is fake Milo

POP TARTS ARE JUST SWEET RAVIOLI

I want a brain transplant

If you have to resort to using vulgarity in your speech, you already lost the debate. @LoriinUtah

White chocolate is just fancy baby food

"DAYS OF THUNDER" IS "TOP GUN" WITH CARS

Barney is Thanos with all the Infinity Stones

All games have some sort of pay to play feature

halloween is good for you. you get exerscise......

The world doesn't need Coca-Cola with coffee in it

Jennifer Lopez is the only performer who can effortlessly switch up between gangsta and sexy and kill it every time.

Apex is just overwatch and fortnite

I bet this wont get 1,000 views

if you do go to north carolina in car, be prepared for your kids to say "Are we there yet"?

Jason X is the only jason movie worth watching

I'm in debt

BLACK SABBATH WERE SHIT AFTER OZZY LEFT

ATHEISM DOES NOT EQUAL ANTI-RELIGION

People stocking up on toilet paper during the Corona virus pandemic are the offspring of those who purchased 'pop balls' in the mid 80's.

luke died in the phantom menace

anime wasn't a mistake

If global heating is not real than why did club penguin island shut down

feminists are just sexist females

Ur mum is gay

Unpopular opinion but mayo is better than ketchup

Code is NOT free

Waffle House is faster than Taco Bell

Alligator gars are just pickles with teeth and fins

Cappuccinos taste the best.

Kris Kristofferson was the most talented member of The Highwaymen

This is big brain play

UPVOTES FEEL LIKE HUGS

I don’t care if this guy changes his mind

im 0.01 percent black so i can say the N-word

Karens vaccinate your children

I WANTED A BUCK WITH POINTS SO I THREW OUT MY GUNS GOT A NEW CAR TOOK IT ON THE FREEWAY AT 3AM AND DID 90 MPH WITH THE HIGH BEAMS ON

Chucky Cheez’s is just a casino for kids

L is the best character in Deathnote

PIZZA IS A GOOD PRE-WORKOUT

Begging for upvotes should be a rule

Area 51 is just a Government excuse for public execution

DAYLIGHT SAVINGS WAS INVENTED TO TORTURE PARENTS

Why should I

Getting married is just a funeral with cake

Imgflip Moderators Troll The Categories They Moderate

EVERY RESTAURANT SHOULD SERVE ROOT BEER

I’m sitting down, holding a cup

kanye's new album is trash

Doug Baldwin has the most home runs. Not going to happen

samurai pizza cats are the best

emojis are our return to hieroglyphics

PEOPLE ARE WEIRD!

MELEE IS STILL THE BEST SMASH BROS.

Not all memes that contain a political name or term is political

Starkiller is the most powerful force user ever

Tom Holland is the best Spider-Man

aliens haven't visted because we are the bad neighborhood of the universe that every alien kid is warned about

“I’LL CHECK IT OUT” IS THE NEW “I’LL CALL YOU”

you can't change my mind

Christmas is An Excuse to Buy Useless items for yourself

who is joe?

Drinking Coffee

Santa is a burglar that breaks into your house, steals your cookies and milk, and gives your children gift wrapped presents

I will only leave your door if you go to de prom with me

Minecraft zombies are anti-vax kids.

STAR WARS ISN'T SCIENCE FICTION

Visco girls are the worst

Sub to Logan Paul

Socialism is communism

Beyoncé singing about “pretty hurts” I doubt she’s hurtin

Raccoons are arctic foxes wearing Blackface.

Pizza is just an open faced sandwich

Drinking is eating, its going down the same hole

Sebastian Shaw is the only true Anakin Skywalker.

fart jokes are still funny

My other hand is down the front of my pants. AND IT FEELS GREAT!

I have incurable depression

Memes are just internet comics.

gays suck

You can't change my mind because my mind is already made up

sugar is just gay salt

"CALIFORNIA DREAMING" IS THE BEST BEACH BOYS SONG EVER

RURAL KING IS LIKE REDNECK WAL-MART

Pizza is just a flat cheeseburger

Censorship is hate speech

You will never pass a math test

TATER TOTS MAKE THE BEST HASH BROWNS

gamers want full diamond armor, not girls, gamer girls are another story. never

Philip Rivers is this generations Dan Marino

The brain named itself

MY BLOODY VALENTINE (THE BAND) MAKES SONIC YOUTH SOUND LIKE LAWRENCE WELK

homework is a waste of time

Waluigi will be in Smash Ultimate

Humans are just cats with a little hair on their heads.

UR MOM GAY
UR DAD LESBIAN

if your vegan you cant beat your meat

Tacos are just Mexican hotdogs.

THINKING ABOUT MOVING

La La Land is overrated

The man bun is the mullet of millennials

Homemade pizza is superior to store bought and franchise

Last season of Big Bang Theory was not funny at all

I Hate Myself

Egg rolls are just Chinese tamales

T-series uses sub-bot

GREEN APPLES ARE JUST PEARS IN DISGUISE

my mug says change my mind

Cat food is just meat cereal.

Saying “maybe” to someone is a another way of saying no without hurting his or her feelings

My mom wanted to abort me

Energy is neither created or destroyed

Whenever a celebrity is caught breaking the law, part of their punishment should be that they have to play themselves if a movie is made about it.

They say dogs are a man's best friend what about the women's

People give Fortnite to much crap

alcohol is gay because when ur drunk you don't think straight

I should get my submission back if you dont post my meme

Soft dudes are stuck in the past

You've never seen a baby pidgeon

This is a change my mind meme.

Friends are just ghosts that you can touch

In the world of memes, ironic or relatable means funny.

NEGATIVE MEMES ARE ONLY ACCEPTABLE IF DONE WITH GRUMPY CAT

Don't wear skating merch if you don't even skate.

the people in the leaderboard have spent way too much time making memes

Road blocking protestors are just speed bumps with ridiculous hairdos and 400$ tennis shoes

VSCO Girls are Gen Z Valley Girls

If you're getting a B'nai Mitzvah you should have to read at least 2 of the aliyot

America is the best country

life doesn't give you lemons

10 years from now, we'll look back at the shit we made on this site and wonder what were in our heads when making these memes.

Pretzels should be nicknamed "Kamasutra bread"

This is a dead meme

Picking magic mushrooms while holding an alligator is illegal in Florida. it's true

Tool is just a slightly heavier Pink Floyd

my memes suck ass

hot peppers burn more on the way out than on the way in

Blueberries are just sad strawberries

Pigs still fly, right? Kiss me if Im wrong

Writing, “Learn to park, douchebag,” and sticking the note under someone’s wiper blade is free speech.

Pandas are just furry bamboo penguins

JUST BECAUSE YOU CREATE AN IMAGE FORMAT DOESN'T MEAN YOU GET TO DECIDE HOW IT'S PRONOUNCED

A Friend With Weed
Is a Friend indeed

spammers in fighting games are the fighting equivalent of campers in fps games

If you like a girl who likes a guy you're gay.

grumpy cat isn't dead he is just temporally gone

If the teacher is going to have to ask your kid how their name is pronounced, IT'S A SHIT NAME

Ramen is just Weeb spaghetti

feet are austrailian hands

THINKING ABOUT JET LAG AS A REAL TIME TRAVEL

Thanos is just a thick human

Fireworks explode

-- --- .-. ... . / -.-. --- -.. . / .. ... / - .... . / ... ..- .--. . .-. .. --- .-. / .-.. .- -. --. ..- .- --. .

were right

Hooters boneless wings are made out of some kind of waste product from the rubber manufacturing process with just a hint of chicken flavoring added

News alert, all Kardashians have been arrested for impersonating real people, trial to follow!

PUMPKIN SPICE COFFEE AND LATTES ARE DISGUSTING.

HALLOWEEN IS BETTER THAN CHRISTMAS!

Aliens are not real

Bee stings are just splinters that live

Hocus Pocus is the most overrated Halloween movie of all time!

Andrew Garfield is the superior spiderman

Religion is just people people intensely arguing that their opinions are facts

PIKACHU IS THE BEST POKEMON

All the continent's put together is a cat playing with Australia

Dolan dark is better
Than grandayy

Cobbler is just scrambled pie

Dispite mythbuster, I still think your turd could get lit on fire

Those who see the world only at face value have no depth in reality.

lets get coffe sometime

Strippers and hoes can't be house wife's

Memes are Life

I'M NOT IN THE PHILLIPINES TO FIND A YOUNG WIFE

6ix9ine is the british Lil Pump

Australia is just British Texas

Cheer is not a sport

good memes dont get upvotes

IF YOU WERE BORN 100 YEARS TOO EARLY...
SO WAS YOUR MOM

fortnight is just Minecraft with weapons

When I want your opinion I'll give it to you

THE CLOSE DOOR BUTTON ON ELEVATORS IS THERE SIMPLY TO EXPOSE IMPATIENT ASSHOLES

Abe Lincoln is secretly a alei

Ha. Impossible, you fool. Coffee messes with your mind

Humans are going to cause the end of the world to happen.

I am from the future. You are about to change my mind.

Short Treks are the amuse-bouche of the Star Trek Universe. I’m sure you agree.

The war between pewdiepie and t-series distracted us from article 13

Reading audiobooks is not really reading

SNAKE IS THE BEST CHARACTER IN SMASH, HE
CAN EDGEGUARD WITHOUT MOVING AN INCH BECAUSE OF HIS RPG

EWOKS ARE JUST CAREBEARS THAT LOST THEIR POWERS AND GOT HOOKED ON DRUGS.

Sailor Venus is best girl

LESBIANS END UP ACTING THE SAME CAUSE THEY RUB OFF ON EACH OTHER..

HERSHEY'S KISSES ARE JUST OVERSIZED CHOCOLATE CHIPS

being single means you're lonely af.

Heck is a no no word

Vampires are just cannibals on a juice diet.

all the things are a presentation of the wall

being solo is boring

I like life

yo mama is a pig

I’m human

nice girls are better than strict girls

Fortnite sucks

More than a feeling by “Boston” is a great song!

I Won't Get More Than 3 Upvotes On Any Of My Memes Ever Again

White Star President J. Bruce Ismay deserves forgiveness.

The Earth Is A Sphere

i am drinking coffee

life would make more sense if meme was spelled "meem".

Pirates of the Caribbean is better than Ghostbusters.

cilantro is good

I'M JUST A VERSION OF "UNPOPULAR OPINION PUFFIN"

Kirby is the best.

HEAVEN SMELLS LIKE BACON

Restrooms need heated toilet seats

the only reason to see ice skating is to see them fall

Gas is fart fumes

i still confuse this guy with markeplier

You Molested Me.

No one is going to read all of these words and if you can your not lazy good job why am I still writing oh yeah and if you dont read this far that's sad the illuminati is going to take you. Dang fonts no small oh man I have bad grammar dont I? Why am I doing this... yeah I forgot the topic. How are you today? I like turtles. '°'

Adam and Eve Had no belly buttons

It should be legal to attack or kill child molesters and not a hate crime

Just because you use big words doesn't mean you're smart.

A waffle is just a pancake with abs

China is greatest country

fortnite will live

A sentry is just an extra team mate that camps

You can get a refund off of a free game

megalovania is still the best meme in 2019

Your classmates sing the Little Einsteins theme song on the bus during a field trip

The heart should have been in the head for best circulation and the brain in the chest for best protection.

They are going to find Megamind in Area 51

Im poor and I have no life and friends and I have nothing to do besides sit here drinking unpasteurized milk

Gyros are just Greek Tacos

Lion King 2019 was a good movie

No three positive integers a, b, and c satisfy the equation an + bn = cn for any integer value of n greater than 2

Americans are violent British people

November is like Thursdays

Of mice and men was predicting the future of Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un

Atheism is just another religion

"CHAIRMAN" IS JUST LIKE "HUMAN." IT ISN'T GENDER SPECIFIC.

Now that I’m an adult I realize the Karate Kid is a total dick

Humans are just Cornish pasties with organs inside

Homosexuals are gay

Gif me your f*king money

RAISINS ARE JUST GRAPE JERKY

CARRYING WITH AN EMPTY CHAMBER IS LIKE DRIVING WITHOUT A SEATBELT ON

This is a piece of paper

Mini Ladd
2020

Every video game is an rpg

the storm Area 51 meme will be dead before September 20th

NF is nothing like Eminem

THE NAMES OF PARKWAYS AND DRIVEWAYS SHOULD BE REVERSED

MINDS ARE MEANT TO BE CHANGED

Prayer isn't me talking to 'myself'

Anime is better than people.

TRUE AI DOES NOT EXIST

help me

I main wii fit on smash

You set that alarm on your phone 4 months ago for a single event and it keeps going off everyday but you wont turn it off

Fortnite is gay

button up shirts are just jackets

Customers who call an adult serving them son or boy should be shot

fortnite BIG GAE

i am too broke to by a pro membership

auto tune is just controlled voice cracks

Billie Eilish is the new Melanie Martinez

Soft cookies are better then hard cookies

Flys don't eat or drink in their 24 hour life

This person’s mind will not ever be changed

I am very lazy

I bet you won't upvote this and all my other memes

T-series just paid that one Indian internet company a huge amount of money to have cheap internet so then more Indians could get internet so they could subscribe

The Goldbergs is just A Jewish version of modern family

Enjoy your sammich now! Mustard is really the guts of Smurfs and worms.

spongebob seasons 6-8 were great

Immigrants can speak 2 languages

CAPTAIN AMERICA WINTER SOLDIER > BLACK PANTHER

They could've just called airpods, "earpods"

tiktok memes suck

Fanart is disgusting

Ur memes only get views and upvotes when they are on the stream

hey i lik chikens

Waffles are just buff pancakes

Black holes suck!

Mothers day is just another day for orphans

The 'Death Note' live action was good and you know it.

Unicorns are thin rhinos

Naruto run 100% will dodge bullets

Don’t try to change my mind

The coffee tastes bitter

Moths are just goth butterflies

Narwhals are fat aquatic unicorns.

The government is not hiding aliens or UFOs in Area 51

Pumpkin
Spice Sucks!

Ron Wasserman is the 90's Stan Bush

H.O.M.E.W.O.R.K Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowldege

lesbians are hot

Misleading compliments are just click-bait insults.

I THINK YOU ARE VERY ATTRACTIVE!! I DO NOT GIVE UP EASILY!

more gay boys means more girls for straight boys

SOUTHERN GIRLS ARE BETTER THAN CALIFORNIAN GIRLS

Hawaii bread is not hawian

girls think that boys are gay so they don't say that they are there crush

GT is so boring that we can beat Thanos from boredom by it

Didn't get the job because they hired a relative

nick fury sucks because he is a guy that wears an eye patch

BUTTERFLIES ARE JUST CATERPILLARS AT MARDI GRAS

val can survive avec les baies

Edges are the only acceptable part of the brownie

Nerd is new Black

Can you eat cancer?

i am groot

Change my mind

ill spoil endgame

TACO BELL CINNAMON TWISTS ARE JUST SUGARY PORK RINDS

Harry Potter Is Not Harry

Jimmy Jr. is a manipulative jerk.

This meme wont get more than 7 views

HUMMUS IS
BABY FOOD
FOR GROWN-UPS

upvote "hanesherway"

You only hate school because it takes up your free time.

this meme is dead

I'm just unpopular puffin

if Dick's Sporting Goods gets rid of hunting rifles and guns it's not the American way of life

Gays are gay

Back to School is the worst.

GROUND UP CAULIFLOWER IS A GREAT SUBSTITUTE FOR CHEESE ON PIZZA

people only clean their house when other people are coming over

IF SOMEONE EJACULATES INTO A SODA BOTTLE, THE KIDS WILL HAVE DIABETES

Airpods should be called I-Ears

If I don't remember doing it then it didn't happen and I didn't do it.

There's not much of a difference between sardines and anchovies

Memes are trash

Grade 4 in school was useless

Game of thrones is live action Shrek

Tool is a horrible, horrible band.

I'm good

The world is flat

Premium is free

Cuban Food is better than Mexican Food

I don't care about changing your mind

This meme doesn't deserve upvotes

cats are useless

THE AR-15 IS NOT AN "ASSAULT WEAPON"

Spooktober is a repaint of Halloween with memes

you haven't seen your real face, just a reflexion of it

cocomelon will dethrone t series

heroine isn't addictive

CHANGE YOUR MIND

the gaming stream is the easiest stream to make to the front page

grumpy cat is smiling down on us from heaven

Sometimes I feel there should be a stream for mediocre meme

STEAMED HAMS SOUND LIKE AN APPETIZING MEAL.

Bad luck Brian is related to Hide the Pain Harold

my mind hasn't changed

I am close to 10k points

GIVE ME V BUCKS

School is overrated

I'm isolated and completely alone all the time

PINEAPPLE DOESN'T BELONG ON PIZZA

THERE ARE NO
NORMAL MEN IN
FLORIDA

World is flat

feminist are sexist

WEARING A HELMET WITH YOUR BRA & PANTIES IS NOT COSPLAY

THE GLOBGLOGABGALAB IS JUST A BIG CHUNGUS THAT SHED IT'S SKIN

hot dogs are just leftover parts of anything u can find

Signs written in ink that's nearly the same color as the sign are difficult to read

I SUCK

A big rock is just a little rock that is big

shaving makes hair darker

My Memes Suck

Purple is the best color

the earth is flat

women spend way too much time painting their faces.

Fire hydrants are actually just giant water faucets

Broccoli is just a mini tree

cheeks have been clapped

PINEAPPLES TASTE GOOD ON PIZZA

THE MITOCHONDRIA IS THE POWER HOUSE OF THE CELL

Disney princess movies
would appeal to a much
bigger audience if they took out the singing.

THANOS HAS MOMMY ISSUES

thanos is a glove wearing grape

YOU'RE A TOOL

When a fishy gets flushed down a toilet it goes to fishy heaven

Marvel must pay for my therapy expenses after endgame

its caramel not caramel

CLINTON SIGNED NFTA. HE IS THE ONE THAT REALLY SCREWED THE AMERICAN WORKER

IMGFLIP needs a better Blank Meme Template page

DRAGONS WERE DINOSAURS BUT NO ONE WANTS TO CONCEDE TO "THERE WERE MONSTERS IN THOSE DAYS"

GEORGE HARRISON WAS THE MOST TALENTED BEATLE

We need to go back to stoning idiots in public.

Modern PG-rated movies are just G-rated movies with minor trigger warnings.

Most people are mad at Trump just because he's Trump

Corn Dogs Are Great

zero is the first number

Stephanie is gay

You can't spot the change I made on this template

Adolf Hitler fled to Argentina after his false suicide and still has control because he is a demon

Divorce is nothing but a very big problem, that just got solved

this meme won't get more than 20 upvotes

I'm depressed

Nevadans are just released aliens

Lip balm is a narcotic

Saying that video games are the cause for school shooting is like sying hot wheels are the cause of drunk driving

I need a brain transplant

I want to buy Gargamel's weed, it's some good shit

Rainbow is better than League

people who see a super bowl complains about memes

Cancer is government population control

There should be a Target dating app.

This text is white

the brain is the most important organs according to the brain

I LIKE PIZZA

Yoga Pants are this generation's Sweat Pants.

Millions of people all over the globe die or fall sick due to pollution.

The Daily Bugle company is always right!

Curdled Milk is just cottage cheese

Normally when people make ‘Change My Mind’ memes no one changes their mind.

People on ImgFlip beg for upvotes

water is just ice with no bones

The shape of the sun is a circle, so is the shape of the earth, and earth is a planet, so, The sun is a planet

Chancellor Palpatine did nothing wrong

Tom Holland is just Baby Tom Hiddleston

Can't get no satisfaction

Water is dihydrogen monoxide

crash landing is just a crash, not a landing

Extended and crew cabs are not real pickup trucks

THE EYEWEAR COMPANIES INVENTED VIRTUAL REALITY TO RUIN THE NEXT GENERATION'S VISION

thanos is an angry rasin

ETERNAL SECURITY IS BIBLICAL AND NOT THE DOCTRINE OF DEVILS.

Bottle Rockets are just baby Mortars

YOU'RE NOT A PSYCHIC.

The Mueller Report is out, no one will change their mind

i'm the best at every sport that doesn't have physical activity

Studying Science Sucks

Ham is the second best food in the world cause its a step away from being bacon

THE RULES OF TIPPING NEED TO BE REVISED

Disneyland/world is a place for 6 year old girls with depression.

"The Simpsons" are getting worse season after season

Koi No Yokan
is the best
Deftones album

I'm gonna get a brain transplant

I need to change this sign.

We Should Raid The Beaches Next So We Can Clean Up

always go with "c"

the earth is a cube

A giant meteor hitting Earth is scarier than climate change

St. Patrick's day is not the best holiday

Neutralists are Just Indecisive Idiots

tacocat spelt backwards is tacocat

"Lemon" is the worst candy flavor

THE CHRISTMAS SEASON DOSENT START UNTIL DECEMBER 1ST

June month is Dairy Month

"THE BATTLE OF EVERMORE" IS A BETTER SONG THAN "STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN"

People who think that video games cause violence have only seen people play volent video games.

TEA IS OVERRATED

Crony Capitalism is socialism

No u Fund

Comic Book Collectors Have Issues

i wont change my mind

the bible is the longest game of "telephone" ever!!

Donald Trump's hair is a living thing

It is possible to change my mind

American cheese slices are terrible

ALL THE BEST WOMEN ARE OUT OF MY LEAGUE.

MOST ORIGINAL NETFLIX SHOWS ARE PRETTY SHITE

Our president is a meme

this meme won`t get any comments or upvotes

Minecraft is still a wonderful game

Freshman year grades don't matter

star wars sucks and should be banned because it's taking over hollywood studios at disney world and destroying all that is good about that park. R.I.P. Muppetvision

pp gay

Not one single American should die defending a Saudi Arabian oil field!

Not one single America should die defending a Saudi Arabian oil field!

reparations have been paid in full its called welfare

Boobs are Just chest's ass

Most of my memes are just repurposed comments.

THE SPACE SHUTTLE SHOULD HAVE MADE ONE MORE DELIVERY TO. SPACE, WITH THE KARDASHIANS AND HILLARY CLINTON

A Goofy Movie is the GOAT Disney movie

this meme will reach the front page

depression memes are just cries for help

my dad can beat your dad in a fight

POLITICIANS BY NATURE ARE LIERS AND TWO FACE

Stupidity is a statistical inevitability

Don't trust people who say "Trust me"

The worst song on Dog Eat Dog is still better than Cherry Pie...

Then and Than are just language enharmonics

Marvel should have to pay for me to see a psychiatrist after Avengers: Engame ruined my mental sanity.

I'M FUNNY

I SUCK AT MEMES

Speling is supper ez

You get more points from comments than original memes

BAD TEACHERS SHOULD BE FIRED, GOOD TEACHERS SHOULD BE PAID MORE

Samsung j3 is the best device for emulation

your life is just you on a rock that is floating in space and soon to explode by the sun exploding in 8,000,000,000,

RATS ARE JUST SQUIRRELS WITHOUT FUZZY TAILS

Hot pockets are just big pizza rolls

DirecTV is trolling it's customer's by forceing them to stand or sit 2½ feet away from the TV
just to ready any damn thing !

Invisible person drinking out of the extra cup

going into the gym. ses the guy that is good at every sport

England should be called fake people land

get friccked

Anime is bad

ur mom gay

This meme is dead

Dont worry be happy

Gorilla glue is some tough stuff

turning up the volume is like zooming in but with sound

dogs are superior

The Earth is flat

Captain Marvel was useless in Endgame

Mom: go outside
Me: no
Mom: Ok go study
Me:

The climate is going to change with or without your help

PINEAPPLE BELONGS ON EVERYTHING

End of Episode IV Chewbacca should have gotten a medal

Liberals be like. You got a farmer's tan? Must be Climate change

RELIGION IS BEHIND ALL WARS

Just because you say it's vegan doesn't make me wanting to give you respect

People only go to Baseball games for the hotdogs and beer

The things I learn in school don’t help me

Vertical half slabs are coming in Minecraft 2

MAN NEVER LANDED ON THE MOON

vegetables do not belong on pizzas

doing this is bad for my health

Endgame is the best movie ever

I couldn't do anything more useful than sit at a table drinking coffee

people joke about having a girlfriend that doesn't know where to eat but most of the time they dont have girlfriends

YODA'S HEAD LOOKS LIKE REALLY GOOD WEED

The people offering to rescue you from your timeshare are the same people that sold you your timeshare

Adam and Eve has no belly buttons

If you start shitting at 11:59 pm and finish after midnight, then it's the same shit, different day.

Snakes are just worms with fangs

Fixed Blades Are Tools,
Folders Are Toys

MARK ZUCKERBERG IS A LIZARD

MIND MY CHANGE

St. Patrick's Day is just the spring version of Octoberfest

there are 2 genders

without memes we all would have killed ourselves

listen to brains on

Spongebob and Squidward are a good ship

There should be a meme Hall of Fame

beanos is just a thanos shit

Shrek is a big green oaf who talks to his ass

Playstation is the iPhone of consoles

I have no reason to

> 50k on a bike is too many miles to resell

fortnite gay lol

Fortnite IS SHIT!

Cinco De Mayo should celebrate the day of the sinking of the mayonnaise transportation ship

ACTING IS BASICALLY ROLEPLAYING FOR ADULTS

The Westar 35 is the Star Wars equivalent of a Glock handgun

vegans are nice

My dog's opinion of me matters more than your opinion of me

THE FIRST MEAL YOU HAVE OF A DAY IS BREAKFAST NO MATTER WHAT TIME IT IS

DASHHOPES IS THE BEST

My opinion is fixed and immovable

THERE ARE TWO GENDERS

BATMAN IS MORE EVIL THAN THE JOKER

CHANGE IS GOOD

i want to kill ppl who spoil endgame

Fiction is a myth

Feminist are actually sexist

Texting and driving is more dangerous than drunk driving

god is not real

1+1 = 3

CHRISTMAS IS A THINLY-VEILED ORGY OF CONSUMERISM THAT DIMINISHES ALL OF US

CATS AREN’T GOOD FOR NOTHING.

The Earth is Flat

GAME OF THRONES IS A METAPHOR FOR THE MACHINATIONS OF A LARGE FAMILY SHARING A SINGLE BATHROOM

Gummy Bears are the worst frozen yogurt topping.

I have Alzheimer's

I BET I CAN GUESS YOUR ACTUAL ,PHYSICAL GENDER

If there was a god, my life wouldn't be as hopeless as it is right now.

Minecraft is better than fortnite

Bingo was the farmer's name, not the dog's

ROBLOX is the best anime

Herbal tea is just flavoured hot water

Alfred Russel Wallace research deserves to be known just as much as Charles Darwin is.

this meme won't get upvotes

VAMPIRES ARE JUST CANNIBALS ON A JUICE CLEANSE

Running is the most overrated from of exercise

vaxxinatin causes cancer

Im bored in math class

CARDI B MAKES MUSIC FOR GIRLS WHO THINK THAT TALKING LOUDER IS WINNING A ARGUEMENT

The Romans just took everything from the Greeks but changed the names

Roblox copying Youtube

Darkwing Duck was the best
Saturday morning cartoon...

Making a plan is the most important step to starting a business

we need to get rid of pigeons

Annie wasn't ok

your mom gay

Woody being fixed in Toy Story 2 is the most satisfying scene in movie history

James Charles Isn't Such A Bad Guy

woman is treated better then men

Spongebob is dead
Don’t

School Fundraisers are a way for schools to get away with child labor

the duolingo owl will kill you if you miss your spanish lesson

Pricefield is the best ship

You are right

fortnite keeps away the annoying kids from minecraft

CONSPIRACY THEORISTS HAVE THEIR HEADS STUCK IN THE RABBIT HOLE AND THEIR BUTTS PLUGGED INTO THE MATRIX.

dogs are just sellout wolves

Unfeatured? I should get my submission back!

SOUTH AFRICAN GIRLS ARE MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN NIGERIAN GIRLS

NOTHING MATTERS CAUSE EVENTUALLY WE ALL WILL DIE

imgflip won't put this meme in the front page

HICCUPS ARE JUST REPETITIVE OFF BRAND BURPS

Women used to have it made. Kids went to school all day and then played outside while mom drank and smoked

Clickbait memes are ripoffs of the actual concept

I could have been a stand in for a young Tom Hanks.

TALKING ABOUT THINGS DOESN’T ALWAYS MAKE THINGS BETTER

Cats are the comedians of the animal world

Do you really want to hurt me? Do you really want to

Endgame spoilers can be avoided by just watching the movie

Tea is just glorified salad water

BJ Hunnicutt is just white Venus Flytrap

Godzilla is grey, not green

THE END IS NIGH

JUST BECAUSE R. KELLEY IS UNDER INVESTIGATION. DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN'T ENJOY HIS MUSIC

mum should be nice

RPG players like dice towers...
...for the same reason bald men drive red convertable cars.

1080p and 4K have no noticeable difference.

Julia Butters should play in flashback scenes of every movie and TV show involving Danielle Panabaker

Most people don't like sitting next to someone with Chronic Gas

Tigersharks are the Wasp of the ocean

Santa Claus is a Timelord

Airpods are just telephones cut in half

SIRI IS TOO DUMB

Procrastination

IRON MAN 2 WASN'T COMPLETE GARBAGE

Paw patrol is basically just Rescue Heroes but with dogs

A.I. week is a week

CAPTAIN MARVEL SHOULD HAVE APPEARED IN THE MCU BEFORE SPIDER-MAN

Trump is a perfect reflection of the American people

Telling a child they will burn in hell for not believing in jesus is mental abuse

dividing 10 by 0 should be 10 because you're not dividing it by anything.

you dont punctuate in memes

Memes are funny short stories you read on a daily basis

IT'S SO SAD WHEN YOU'RE YOUNG TO BE TOLD YOU'RE HAVING FUN

People who comment on Cashier's ability to bag items are the worst, we CHARGE the food NOT bag it. You can't

Diet Coke has more sugar than normal coke

ROCKY HORROR IS NOT A GOOD MOVIE

Men can also like The Notebook

im cool for playing minecraft

Pewdiepie is the best Youtuber

I know you're sitting on the remote

If we hold vacuum cleaners to the sky. We take that air so it won't go in lays chips bags.

Tuesday after a holiday weekend is the new Monday

You can't call yourself a baby boomer if you haven't blown up a baby before

The Last Jedi sucks because of bad/poor writing, bad characters, and a sjw agenda. So, i'm going to stick with the original star wars movie with a it has a great beginning, middle, and end.

Eyebrows are just mini mustaches above your eyes

doves are just pampered albino pigeons

australians are just british texans

cinco de mayo is just a holiday to eat tacos

Today libraries are only used for WiFi and computers and nobody actually uses the books

GOJEK IS A RIPOFF OF LYFT AND UBER

Old Town Road is a country song

make me

BOLOGNA IS JUST GLORIFIED SPAM

WOMEN SHOULD BE SWEET, SEXY, FEMININE & DEMURE

Facebook is the modern gladiators' colosseum for social media trollers.

Books are the best way to spank someone

Die Hard is a Christmas movie

If they are called "The Avengers" then that makes Thanos a "Venger"

you will succeed in persuading me

Marilyn Manson is trying too hard to be like Alice Cooper

“Foreign Exchange Student Programs” are just “Teenager Subscriptions” with free shipping

fresh excrement tastes better than excrement that you ate earlier in the day

SHAGGY'S LIMIT IS PAST 100%

Being Christian requires hating trees.

Donald Trump being president

GOING TO CHURCH DOESN’T MAKE YOU A GOOD PERSON,

Cats looks scarier than IT chapter 2

sleepovers are just people intruding a house but people who hang out with you!

HALF OF THE US STATE FLAGS NEED A MAKEOVER

Human meat tastes like chicken

you put the milk in first

CHEERIOS ARE JUST BAGEL SEEDS

I like the smell of
Pumpkin Spice Farts

Getting comments on your memes is the worst part of the imgflip experience

James Charles has been canceled

Someone needs to tell Buffalo Wild Wings buffaloes don't roar

Cinnamon raisin English muffins were made to be toasted with melted cheese

God is just a human in creative mode

JORDAN PETERSON SHOULD BE THE PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA

I THINK I HAVE DECIDED

My childhood lasted only 10 seconds

Soccer blows Sponge Bob

I dont like unusual hat

INSTAGRAM IS BETTER THAN FACEBOOK

Memes are just dad jokes

The government is tricking us into thinking the area 51 meme is dying.

Spider man not being in the MCU anymore is Disney and Sony's fault.

not littering is better than littering

Wire cutters aren't scissors

APPLYING FOR JOBS IS THE MOST TEDIOUS THING EVER

Decimate can also mean "to cause great destruction".

kool aid is just the cool aid mans blood

Popeyes’ new chicken sandwich is more elusive than Bigfoot

Grumpy cat should be the first in the hall of fame for memes

Aunt Becky is going to jail...

Ik haat polen en duiters op onze servers

FORMER PRESIDENT BUSH HELPED ORCHESTRATE 9/11

memes complaining about memes begging for upvotes are just memes trying to get upvotes by complaining about memes trying to get upvotes

what is love ?
love is the 7th sense of human that destroys all 6 senses and makes the person Non-Sense. @Archy
memes

I AM SINGLE

CANCER IS A 10B DOLLAR A YEAR INDUSTRY, YOU REALLY THINK THEY ARE TRYING TO FIND A CURE

Lord of the rings is a three hour movie about the simply walk into mordor challenge

Deapool is overrated

English is the most useless subject in school

CALIFORNIANS ARE NOT WELCOME TO TEXAS

Drunk driving is a terrible idea

Farting is healthy

If you can vote at 16 you should be able to get a concealed weapon permit

BARE KNUCKLE NEEDS TO BAN WRAPS

People who compare Eragon to Lord of the Rings should be slapped.

SINCE TOMATOES ARE FRUITS, THEN KETCHUP IS JAM

I will never change mind

Spoiling endgame is suicide

SNICKER DOODLES ARE JUST CINNAMON FLAVORED SUGAR COOKIES.

THE WORLD IS FLAT!

AMAZING, EVERY WORD OF WHAT YOU HAVE JUST SAID, IS WRONG!

Garlic bread is god

still childfree

email is better than Slack

You can’t change my mind

I shit my pants

School Sucks

Guys are The human version of monkeys

You can change my mind

Free brandy and cigars suck

Not all the memes here should get that many upvotes

JAY-Z AND BEYONCÉ ARE OVERRATED AND XXXTENCION SUCKS.

Ariana grande is overrated.

IF COPS REALLY WERE CONCERNED ABOUT HAVING MOTORISTS NOT SPEED THEN THEY SHOULD PARK OUT IN THE OPEN AND NOT HIDE, BUT THEY WANT THE MONEY

In the 'Cars' movies, health insurance and car insurance are the same thing

Tilted Towers was better than Neo Tilted

you can change my mind

OLDER BATMAN (BEN AFFLECK)'S ROBIN SHOULD BE CARRY KELLY

MAD MEN IS OVERRATED

I got my bachelors in genders studies, I'm all set

This is the last area 51 meme there will ever be

OEMC Traffic Management causes more traffic than they manage at Chicago airports

Johnny Test grew up and became Junkrat

Your mama's soo fat...

LIL PUMP ISN'T A MUSICIAN

Roblox Is Online Minecraft

Minecraft is the best game

Soda is just crunchy water

If you get a part in a Three Stooges movie sooner or later your getting a pie in the face

Need advise? Go to your mom before I change my mind.

Tears are just eye lube

Whales are scarier than sharks

They removed the Starbucks coffee because Westeros runs on Dunkin'...

arent most women gay

Save the gamer girls

Sub4Sub kills your YouTube channel

FROZEN IS THE MOST OVERRATED DISNEY MOVIE OF ALL TIME

TO MAKE A GOOD MEME YOU NEED TO BE SMART

nightmare is real

Even the BEST meme in the world will die faster than me

Cat stream is just mentioned for Tom and Jerry memes

ImgFlip Sucks

10 day Facebook challenges are the same as a chain letter.

MEMES ARE THE CURE FOR DEPRESSION

70s music is the best music the earth has heard in a long, long time.

all soccer skins are gay

Trying to Nut on No Nut November

Jerky is a meat raisin.

IT'S AMERICA. YOU DON'T HAVE TO PROVE YOUR INNOCENCE

memes that hate on memes that are about begging for upvotes, are becoming cliché

I will never change my mind

AMY SCHUMER IS NOT REMOTELY FUNNY

Nirvana is the greatest band of all time

British KitKat is better than American KitKat

IF YOU TRY TO GO AROUND A STOPPED SCHOOL BUS PUTTING CHILDREN AT RISK, YOU’RE THE WORST KIND OF ASSHOLE. YOUR SCHEDULE CAN WAIT.

This Meme will not get 10 upvotes

Rock music is just metal with less calories

The Avengers are overpaid cosplayers

Any size of candy is a "fun" size

Ant man will defeat Thanos by crawling up his ass

going to the gym
is church for gays

if grandma likes to feed children we should invite homeless kid and his family to have dinner with grandma

Browsing Imgflip is like free education

PEOPLE TASTE JUST LIKE CHICKEN

The new Sonic will be everyone's worst Nightmare

This won’t make the front page

I am neither confrontational nor argumentative

PC killed comedy

Americans are embracing socialsm because the middle class is gone and they're fed up with being given crumbs to live on

PEOPLE WHO ASK FOR UPVOTES ARE GAY

bulling is awesome

THE PREQUEL TRILOGY IS BETTER THAN THE NEW STAR WARS FILMS

THE FAKE PUNT IS ALWAYS A GOOD PLAY CALL

AMERICA WOULD FALL APART WITHOUT RICH, WHITE, MALE CHRISTIANS

Flat Earthers

ARTICLE 13 IS A MISTAKE TO HUMAITY

THERES ONLY 2 GENDERS

The minecraft world is a square

Diarrhea is just puking from your ass

Adding Tauriel to The Hobbit was dumb and unnecessary

America did not do all the work in WWII

LIBERALS ARE TOTALLY FOCUSED ON TRUMP

james charles is gay

Memes are just evolved political cartoons.

Lunch break naps are the best naps

SHELLS ARE THE SUPERIOR MACARONI AND CHEESE NOODLE

It's gray, not grey

THE LAST GREAT SUPER BOWL WAS IN 2013 OR 2014!

Spongebob and Patrick are gay

Putting Mentos and Soda In Your Mouth Will Kill You

Back in the day when u heard loud exhaust and tires peeling out , it was a GTO or Road runner , today it’s just a old work truck

Lactating ladies are sexy

Bullying is not ok.

Kill la kill is not a hentai

Thaos Is better than all of the avengers and should have one

All food from the 90's should return

ALL WAMAN BELONG IN THE KITCHEN

This guy is just going to sit here all day.

THE RICH COULD DO SO MUCH FOR THE WORLD, BUT THEY DO NOTHING.

Endgame is the best Superhero movie in History

TINY HOMES ARE JUST CAMPERS

You can’t change my mind

Fitz is the funniest youtube channel ever!!

YOU WON'T UPVOTE THIS MEME

Derek Sucks

WINTER IS SUPPOSED TO BE COLD

MEMES ABOUT IMGFLIP ARE MORE POPULAR THAN ACTUAL FUNNY MEMES ON THIS SITE

DR. CHRISTINE BLASEY FORD HIRES DEMOCRATIC OPERATIVE RICKI SEIDMAN AND YOU SAY THIS ISN'T POLITICAL?

HILLARY CLINTON PLAYED THE WITCH IN THE WIZARD OF OZ

water is ice soup

woman have rights

my name is jeff

water is melted ice

Fortnite

pee is just yellow water

People see color
So therefore...
Color=rainbow
Rainbow=gay
EVERYTHING IS GAY

People who consistently fail to use their turn signal should go to prison

Buying a girl flowers is no different than prostitution.

LGBTIQ+ IS A CULT

Two weeks was a bit of an outlandish time to keep me out of school

Water is wet

Fortnite is just Minecraft with a lot more command blocks than expected

Mounds are just Almond Joys without the little almond

Motivation doesn’t exist

drugs I mean M&M's

I USE MYSPACE

Duolingo sucks because it repeats words many times in which some of them shouldn't be prioritized according the language level of knowledge of the user, also because it doesn't expose the user to a variety of words in context with comprehensible input.

im always correct

FEDORAS ARE ACTUALLY PRETTY COOL

We will put 666 in our birthday cakes

Captain Marvel is a bland Mary Sue

INCENSE SMELLS LIKE ASS AND SMOKE

HE BEGS TO BE PART OF YOU

You’re full of shit if you think your DI rifle can go 4K rounds suppressed without any lube or cleaning.

HAZLENUT SPREAD M&M'S ARE BETTER THAN ORIGINAL M&M'S

If its 97° outside but the heat index is 112° then its 112° out

EX PARTE, RED FLAG LAWS CIRCUMVENT DUE PROCESS

Humans evolved from bird poop

Algebra teachers are just pirates trying to make us find the "X"

i want a lobotomy

SHAQ IN KAZAAM IS BETTER THAN JORDAN IN SPACE JAM

CARDI B IS A GARBAGE RAPPER

Cats are just alive to remind People there is such thing as hell

CAUTIOUSLY OPTIMISTIC

Star Trek is just Star Wars with CGI

Everyone here has at least made 1 meme on the toilet

lasagna is just spaghetti flavored cake

Frozen is an overrated and crappy Disney movie.

PUGS ARE THE MOST PRECIOUS DOGS ON THE PLANET

the new fortnite update sucks

Gru is sexier than Tom Holland

rich people dont wear rolex to tell the time they have their iphone x max do that

Pizza is just a big Sammich

DOOM is the most christian game ever

There is 2 genders

sedimentary rocks have layers and so does shrek there for shrek is sedimentary

Tator tots are just hashbrown nuggets

The Borg did nothing wrong

Having Autism does not mean that you are stupid

school is just a smaller person prison

BOXING IS A SCAM

Every single religion is a cult.

A kayake is a small canoe

the only thing parents talk about is money

NICKELBACK DOESN'T SUCK

fords are better than holdens

BRAIN TRANSPLANTS ARE 100% SAFE

People dont get much upvotes in imgflip

ANY VIEWPOINT CAN BE SUMMARIZED IN ONE BOX OF MEME TEXT

Educating the mind without educating the heart is hardly an education

This meme won't get 10000 views and 500 upvotes

You made me promise to never leave you, you left me. You're an asshole

I want a brain transplant

I'm just randomly captioning the meme that appears when I click "caption a meme or image" under create

THE KARDASHIANS ARE TALENTLESS SKANKS

sitting in the park asking people to change my mind is a good idea

Shemales are like chinese rolex watches

girl scouts are a cookie company that gets away with child labor

Piper is the least interesting character on orange is the new black

You may not get upvotes, but you will get views.

Weed Vs Marijuana

No one can change my mind

This will not reach the front page

SHORT PANTS SHOULD BE MANDATORY ALL THE TIME

DC Comics are good, but the movies are bad.

Women are all the same!

Some people look like hobbits

I’m the original blue shirt kid

I won't debate you.

Vaccines can cause countless long-term side-effects

I need a brain transplant

Dead memes aren't dead

you can't

YOU CAN’T MAKE A MEME WITHOUT ME

the museum can just burn down after destorms death

WWE is only popular for its gay undertones

This meme is worth more than myself

20 dollars is 20 dollars

INSTEAD OF SENDING THE TESLA CAR INTO SPACE THEY SHOULD HAVE SENT THE KARDASHIANS

female soldiers are just cheerleaders

THIS IS THE BEST CUP OF COFFEE I HAVE EVER HAD

Harry Potter and Doctor who fans are just British weebs

SEALED BOXES SOUND BETTER

Panda Express is a waste of good panda meat

Anti-Vaxxers only exist because a celebrity said they were a bad thing and people now a days believe anything

I think Elizabeth Warren is red hot spankable sexy.

COMIC SANS IS AN ANNOYING FONT BUT IT GETS NOTICED!

Jimmy Neutron was a intergalactic terrorist

TAKE BACK AMERICA

Conan is funnier than Jimmy

Lasagna is just spaghetti flavored cake.

Comic sans is a good font

HAVING LAWS AGAINST GUNS WON'T STOP THOSE WHO IGNORED THE LAW IN THE FIRST PLACE

pineapple pizza is good

IMGFLIP: RACIST MEME FACTORY

you can't change my mind

IM STRAIGHT

DRAKE IS TO RAP WHAT NICKLEBACK IS TO ROCK

Snickerdoodles are just sugar cookies that have cinnamon sugar on top.

The atmosphere around me is way too quiet

Silent William is a overpowered shounen harem protagonist

TINY HOUSES ARE JUST MOBILE HOMES FOR MILLENIALS

I NEED A BRAIN TRANSPLANT

That girl stole my set up

GINGER ALE TASTES LIKE SPRITE

Africa by toto is one of the most overrated songs of all time

BIRDBOX IS OVERHYPED

Frontal lobotomy,
Electric Shock,
MKUltra, Hypnosis, That thing from MIB

Spider-Man should sue the Daily Bugle for libel

THE WALKING DEAD IS HIGHLY OVERRATED,

GROVER SAID "F***ING"

My mom needs a grammy award

Shaggy at 10% power can beat Shrek

Phlydaily is the best YouTuber

Receiving a million dollars in donations won't change me at all.

imgflip only has outdated meme templates

Someone peed in my coffee

i wanna die

PEOPLE WHO GIVE YOU ORANGE OR YELLOW STARBURST DONT REALLY LIKE YOU

AUNT BECKY CAN GET YOU INTO COLLEGE

people shouldn't have a limited number of memes they can submit to the fun stream

TOMATOES ARE FRUIT

Change is the only true constant.

Wyld Stallyns is the best rock group of all time.

Are all memes submitted to the imgflip community are featured in the fun stream

Volley ball is professional hot potato

I will never change my mind.

A LOT OF AMERICANS HATE SOCCER SIMPLY BECAUSE THE REST OF THE WORLD IS BETTER THAN US AT IT AND THEY CAN’T STAND IT,

"Ora Ora" is the male version of "Ara Ara"

There's nothing in the cup I'm holding

Imgflip is the best meme site.

Grumpy cat isn't dead

FULLMETAL ALCHEMIST IS THE BEST ANIME

Honesty is a good thing

This guy will never change his mind

THE BEST THING ABOUT BLACK FRIDAY IS PIE FOR BREAKFAST

I HAVE NO LIFE

tongs are literally two chopsticks stuck together

Elf on a Shelf is a ploy to control your child's behavior. It does more harm than good

Big breasted women give the best hugs

airpods are just female earbuds

Pre-school is for kids

This meme template isn't funny

CHICK-FIL-A IS TO ZAXBY'S AS TARGET IS TO WALMART

Smartphones are a vital organ but nobody wants to admit it

ALBINO GIRLS ARE REALLY ATTRACTIVE

PewDiePie video Quality is bad

fortnite is gay

I am so done!

I am a douche.

Cook County is corrupt

The constitution isn’t boring you guys are just weebs

Men of culture are just weebs

Our bullpen needs shipped to outer space!

IF MORE PARENTS SMOKED WEED LESS KIDS WOULD BE HOOKED ON PRESCRIPTIONS DRUGS

Bacon proves that G-d exists.

THE PRINCESS BRIDE IS A CHRISTMAS MOVIE

The ending for the Nightmare on Elm Street remake was better than the original.

Motocross is the alpha sport

Life is a slow moving dream

Cereal is a type of soup

The Hokey Pokey is NOT what it's all about.

no one knows what my cups say

White people are a global minority

It should be “LeBron James calling Wesley Snipes black”

PASTRAMI IS JUST BEEF BACON

Minecraft is just like real life, but with more shapes.

I am making good content

It seems that only freaks and slackers have rights

THE EARTH IS A DONUT

NOBODY UPVOTES MY MEMES

Felt cute

american football is just old men running at eachother

Lesbian haircuts are just male style haircuts on women

Stephen Hillenburg, the creator of "SpongeBob SquarePants" was heavily influenced by Bob Clampett's "Beany and Cecil"

headphones are just things to avoid hearing background noise

Milk is just flavored water

SWEET VICTORY IS THE GOOFY GOOBER NATIONAL ANTHEM

YOSHI DID NOT ACTUALLY COMMIT TAX FRAUD

Water is ice soup

THIS MEME GLAMORIZES BAD ARGUMENTS BY SHIFTING THE BURDEN OF PROOF

waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds awesome if you dont know what either of those things are

LETHAL WEAPON IS JUST AS MUCH A CHRISTMAS MOVIE AS DIE HARD

It’s not Laurel or Yanny. I heard Larry.

WATER IS NOT WET

Whatever is in my mug, it's disguisting

The Earth is flat and motionless.

DOMINOS PIZZAS ARE NASTY

EVERY PLANET IN THE SOLAR SYSTEM IS FLAT

No one actually follows other users

COFFEE SMELLS BETTER THAN IT TASTES

You cannot change my mind

Assholes are like elbows

She Blinded Me With Science is as 80s as a song can sound

WTF IS THAT?

VEGANS ARE FOOD CHAIN DENIERS

IF YOU PLAY NOTHING BUT COVERS, YOU’RE NOT A REAL BAND.

Will Smith was actually not a bad genie

Alita: Battle Angel has a better character development and storytelling than Captain Marvel

SomethingElseYT is Markiplier's son.

JUMP SCARES AREN'T REAL SCARES

Cats make better pets than humans

fortnite is shit

PewDiePie should lead the charge of Area 51

JOHNNY DEPP IS OVERRATED AND BORING

Peely Lives

I DON'T ARGUE WITH IDIOTS

KYLO REN IS NOT THE VILLAIN

Movies now are too depressing

CAPTAIN IS ANYONE IN CHARGE OF A VESSEL.

Al Bundy was GAY

Flat Earthers are just trolls who get off when peoples' heads explode after they speak.

Bert and Ernie memes are currently some of the best on the internet

If you did not wear your OT Burn it did not happen! #OTF

Feminists are secret agents deployed by the WNBA to make it popular

I THINK. A COUPLE OF MEN STANDING AROUND TALKING ABOUT THEIR TATTOOS IS A LITTLE BIT GAY

HALLOWEEN IS JUST CHRISTMAS FOR EMOS

THE IRAN NUKE DEAL IS RUBISH

Billie eilish is trash

Bad Luck Brian is basically a scenario where somebody has a bad day

Bullying a teenager for beating you at a game is why kids don't respect their elders. You can't

BABY BOOMERS CANNOT MEME

TITANIC SUCKS

Animal Crossing is a game about furries

BATMAN ISN'T A SUPER HERO

THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS WHITE PRIVILAGE

MERMAIDS
AREN’T
REAL!

Man buns are the new comb-over ...

Indominus Rex is the best dinosaur in Jurassic Park

ICE CREAM AND GALATO ARE THE SAME THING!

HAVING A JOB

CHRISTIAN BALE IS THE BEST BATMAN...

"BUTT GARBAGE" IS A NEW AND EXCITING CONCEPT

water causes austism

Pixar’s Inside Out wasn’t actually that great

ROSS AND RACHEL WERE ON A BREAK

Despacito Spiders are the best

cats are weird dogs

YOU MUST REALIZE THAT FOR THE POLITICIANS AND THE ELITE IN AMERICA, THE CONSTITUTION NO LONGER EXISTS!

Furries are the new Bronies

90% OF YOUR NOTIFICATIONS ARE FROM DILL-WEEDS TAKING IT TO LITERALLY

MIND CALLED ITSELF MIND

VSAUCE meme is still relevant

Herobrine is real

MEMES ARE A WASTE OF TIME

Aztecs are better than Mayans

PEOPLE WITH BEARDS ARE BALD WHEN THEY SHAVE

Women who label themselves as “curvy” are actually just fat

Your mom is a hoe

School is basically prison, where they force you to learn.

IF YOUR SOLUTIONS ARE EVEN WORSE THAN TRUMP, YOU'RE AN IDIOT!

By making an outrageous comment here, I may goad you into increasing my imgflip score with comments.

RESISTANCE IS FUTILE

My dad is Not my Dad

you cant see this sign besides this fake text

mind control

Michael Jackson is great

Bonnie will forget Woody when Andy returns. And Andy will Cha Cha real smooth into beast mode

THE FBI IS EMPLOYED BY HILLARY CLINTON

I'll never get laid

I’m sick of all movies, tv shows and commercials having gays in them stop pushing gays!

JACK KIRBY IS THE GREATEST COMIC BOOK ARTIST WHO EVER LIVED

PUTIN IS THE RUSSIAN CHUCK NORRIS

Real superheroes wear scrubs

WOMEN USE PERIOD AS AN EXCUSE TO EAT

AUTUMN IS THE BEST OF THE FOUR SEASONS

A BEARD IS JUST FACE PUBES

Fortnite is gay

When your fat, after u take off your belt and throw it on the bed , then you realize it looks like a 10 foot anaconda

I AM GOING TO GIVE BIRTH TO A FINE, HEALTHY LITTER OF PUPPIES

FREE COLLEGE SHOULD ONLY EXTEND TO STEM+M

Hockey is better then Basketball

WHITE PRIVILEGE IS A MYTH

if you are happy then you are gay

Yogurt is a decomposer

boeing is rubbish

I BELIEVE IN LETTING THE DISHWASHER BE THE DISH WASHER

Trees are just living oxygen tanks

Light has the colors of the rainbow and rainbow is gay
which means everything is gay

THE SAINTS SHOULD BE IN THE SUPER BOWL

Cory Booker is whiter than Elizabeth Warren, Beta O' rourke and Bernie Sanders combined

ur mum gay

BEING "TRANSGENDER" IS A MENTAL DISORDER THAT SHOULD BE TREATED, NOT CELEBRATED

John Thornton was the best owner

FARTS ARE FUNNY

THERE ARE ONLY TWO GENDERS

PEPSI IS BETTER THAN COKE

Trysilleir med Arthur

THE OIL COMPANIES AND AUTO INDUSTRY. AND GOV, ARE DOING THE SAME THING TO TESLA , THAT THEY DID TO TUCKER AND DELORIAN

PINK FLOYD WAS THE ORIGINAL VAPORWAVE

Pasta is actually a rare species of Indian Dolphin

Caroline Konstnar is the new Filthy Frank

Please make a seperate internet for Christians only

THE KKK IS A MOBY FOR THE DEMOCRATS

pb&j should be sliced diagonally, not horizontally

hyphenating your identity does the same to your loyalty

PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: CURSE OF THE BLACK PEARL IS A MODERN CLASSIC

I'M FICKLE.

Fun Dip is neither fun nor dip

SLUGS ARE JUST HOMELESS SNAILS

mr. carruthers is the best teacher

ANY FULL-TIME JOB SHOULD ALLOW YOU A DECENT STANDARD OF LIVING

I'm bored and out of ideas.

COFFEE IS FLAVORED WATER

Bologna should be spelled Baloney

People get views depending on how long they've been here

Brainwashing isn't real

Memers use tricks like 'upvote if you agree' or talk about how memers use tricks to get upvotes to get upvotes

Duolingo bird is hot

Hillary Clinton is a role model

YOU'RE NOT GOING TO CHANGE MY MIND

MARS ISN'T A REAL DEPLOYMENT

USA IS THE NEW ROME

John Denver deserves more recognition

SHE MIGHT WRITE A SONG SOMEDAY ABOUT SPENDING HER 9TH BIRTHDAY WITH HER DAD AND HIS NEW "BOMBSHELL BLONDE" 26 YEAR OLD GIRLFRIEND WHILE HER MOM SAT ALONE SOMEWHERE WAITING WITH A STACK OF PRESENTS THAT DIDNT GO OVER SO WELL IN THE END

I AM WATCHING HENTAI AFTER ALL THESE HANDS FREE BUBBLE TEA MEMES

EVERYTHING IN LIFE IS HAMILTON

Mayo is an instrament

COWBOY BEBOP CAN'T BE ANIME BECAUSE IT'S GOOD

Clorox wipes are paper towels on weed

ALL IDEOLOGIES WORK UNTIL THEY'RE ABUSED BY THE SUPERINTENDING STATE

DON'T CARE THAT TRUMP HAD EXTRAMARITAL AFFAIRS

The flash is the best super hero

Rhinos horns are horny

This font is cool

I'm not a third wheel, I'm a magical unicycle

I Love Naked Women!

Oklahoma is in the Midwest

rainbow dash is a horse on drugs

You Spell Meme Meem and Gif Jif

CAPTAIN D'S MAKES BETTER JALAPENO POPPERS THAN SONIC

I GOTTA TAKE A SHIT

KIDS ONLY WALKED OUT TO SKIP CLASS

PEOPLE THAT THINK CATS ARE CLEAN ANIMALS ARE INSANE !!

Seedless watermelons are as tasteless as cardboard

Keanu Reeves is the new Elon Musk

ALL CATS SHOULD DIE

BEING FEMINIST DOESN'T MEAN YOU WANT ALL MEN DEAD.

MY MIND CANT BE CHANGED

a homeless person lives in a xbox

white people can say the n-word because we are all from Africa

SEQUELS ARE BETTER THAN PREQUELS

video games cause violence and are retarded

"PROFESSIONAL" SPORTS ARE PROOF THAT MONEY WILL NOT MAKE YOU A BETTER PERSON

Saliva is mouth sweat

HOT TEA AND SWEAT TEA ARE THE SAME

cigarettes are death cylinders

Florida Smells Like Old People

IF YOU LET YOUR ANIMALS RUN AROUND TOWN WITHOUT A COLLAR, OR YOU DUMP THEM SOMEWHERE, YOU’RE A PIECE OF SHIT

This Chat is Dead.

All Lives Matter

repost week is just a clever ploy to get more points

Minds can’t change

VIKINGS IS BETTER THAN GAMES OF THRONES

SOLO OZZY IS BETTER THAN SABBATH

Keifer Sutherland is a better President than Trump

IMAGINE DRAGONS
IS LAME.

I LIKE TRAINS

we dont deserve keanu reeves

My mind is empty.

Religion is stupid

Charities are for white people that want to feel good about themselves

HEINLEIN-IAN HEROINES DON'T EXIST

“self love” is an excuse to act like a selfish jerk

I AM STUBBORN

Globalization benefits are meant for all countries...of the 1st world

If tomatoes are a fruit, ketchup is a jelly

thanos is best girl

BUCK DHARMA IS THE BEST GUITARIST

Rabbits are just overgrown rats.

YOU DON’T DESERVE A HANDICAP PARKING SPOT OR MOBILITY SHOPPING CART OVER SOMEONE WITH A REAL DISABILITY SIMPLY BECAUSE YOU’RE DISGUSTINGLY OBESE OR LAZY,

MAKING AND SUBMITTING MEMES IS ACTUALLY HARDER THAN COMMENTING WITH MEMES

Change my mind to not to change my mind, so that I don't change my mind.

the earth is flat

PREGNANCY IS LIKE HOSTING A PARASITE

T-series is gay

THE LIVE ACTION BEAUTY AND THE BEAST MOVIE IS TRASH

Batman dies in Endgame.

The only good fast and furious movie was the 1st movie

School is fun

Tuesday is as bad as Monday

The Kinks' You Really Got Me has the worst lead break in Rock history

GAS STATIONS MAKE THE BEST SUSHI.

THERE SHOULD BE TUCKER CARLSON EMOJIS

you can't loose ur v-card before marriage

Windows ME is a good OS

THE CATCHY, EARLY BEATLES SONGS WERE THE BEST MUSIC EVER MADE!

People who beg for upvotes should get a prize

3D PRINTER IS JUST FANCY HOT GLUE GUN

Minecraft is dead

IF YOU CHOOSE SUBSTANCES OR SIGNIFICANT OTHERS OVER YOUR CHILDREN, YOU’RE FLAMING GARBAGE.

IF IT'S IN STOCK THEY HAVE IT

Nõbódÿ Ûsęs Wëįrd Thíñgs Lìkë Thēsė

Dolphins win today

THE SEQUELS ARE BETTER

My head is like a dirty diaper filled with nasty thoughts.

being gay is another word for u

SHIT DOESN'T "HAPPEN," SHIT IS PRODUCED.

cereals a soup

SO FUNNY THAT MY BRAIN WET ITSELF

I am Ugly

the change my mind meme is old

IF YOU THINK IT'S WRONG TO HURT ANIMALS, YOU ALREADY BELIEVE IN GOING VEGAN

Summer should Start on June 1st not 21st in fact all seasons should

Mr. Johnson is Grover's buddy

Canada dips its money in syrup. That's why Canadian strippers smell good.

people that have seen the world from a different perspective, have never seen true life

THE STEN GUN IS A PIECE OF DOGSHIT

VANELLOPE FROM WRECK IT RALPH IS A DISNEY PRINCESS

U-Haul trucks are just U-Haul ads on wheels.

IF PEOPLE SHARED DOGS' LOVE OF LIFE AND SIMPLE THINGS, WE WOULD SUCK A LOT LESS.

I won't tell my kids about Santa

Thor is the strongest Avenger

Quarantine

mint is just spicy cold

ANIME AND CARTOON ARE THE SAME

Mr Krabbs killed off all of his crab family and friends and the entire species to make Krabby Patties

Return fortnite Copies here

THE FIRST 3 STAR WARS EPISODES ARE JUST DARTH VADER'S ORIGIN STORY

My coffee tastes cold

'Take on Me' is not A-ha's best song.

ALADDIN IS JUST THE I’M LEGEND GUY TRIPPING AGAIN

FORTNITE ISN’T GAY

This meme won't make it to the front page

Santa Claus is a slave driver

THIS IS A TROLL POST

My dad is hotter than your mom

When you get a job offer from a company that you didnt even apply for that is in your area because they heard about your awesome customer service, you should take it, especially if it means almost double the pay, less hours and better benifits!

BitLife should be teaching kids life lessons in school so that they know what to do in their future.

FEMINISM WITHOUT THE HATE SPEECH WOULD BE HUMANISM

Adulthood is just childhood continued while still having no idea what the hell you're doing

IN WHAT WORLD DOES SOUR CREAM GO ON TACOS

canada is the best

You are reading this

Songs on the radio hit harder than songs in your shuffle playlist

Fortnite is dead

CINNAMON AND BROWN SUGAR POP TART IS THE WORST BREAKFAST FOOD ON THE PLANET

Fortnite is gay

Milk first in TEA

this is blue

I'M THE BEST MEME TEMPLATE

we all are depressed inside

THE A380 IS BETTER THAN THE B747

I DONT KNOW HOW TO CHANGE MY MIND

Confederate Monuments are just Civil War participation trophies

My mind is a soiled diaper. please

I HAVE A FIRM POSITION ON CURRENT ISSUES THAT WILL NOT BE SWAYED BY INTERNET DISCUSSION.

r/dankmemes is better

sonic is just a blue hedgehog on speed

LOKI IS ALIVE

I SEE DEAD PEOPLE

A fenced in yard is the best gift you can give a kid

You can't change my mind

COD ZOMBIES SHOULD HAVE A STAND ALONE GAME

BILLY ZANE DID NOTHING WRONG IN TITANIC

Shut up when you talk to me.

There is no greater fear than rushing a room on fallout shelter

You either have to shit, don't have to shit or are shiting

Lesbians are just Dick vegans

Star Wars fans are emotionally stunted man-children.

Cheese is just a loaf of milk

There is no such thing as gravity. The Earth Sucks.

Justice league is better then avengers. .

COLDPLAY IS TODAY'S KENNY G

Nothing can't exist since it will always be used in terms of lacking anything, therefore making it something. Also, this is ridiculously long.

THE WORLD IS FLAOUND

I am now GenderFluid

Rex Dangervest is a complete butthead

minecraft is a better dating site then tinder

GAME OF THRONES SERIES FINALE WAS FLAWLESS

Grumpy Cat Is My Spirit Animal

Pests controls are scams because they didn’t remove the spider that’s always 6 feet away from your

Mosquitoes suck our blood and our dna is in them so they give birth and we are the parents

Explain why I am sitting here at all...

I can not make funny meme

Grape blunt wraps are the best blunt wraps

This is the best cup i've ever used

New Coke was the greatest marking ploy of the 20th century.

TONY GOVERNALE INVENTED PIZZA TOPPINGS

the TU-144 is better than the Concorde

PROFESSORS DON'T THINK YOU HAVE OTHER CLASSES

AUSTRALIA
IS NOT REAL

ALL AUTOMATION, WITHOUT EXCEPTION, THREATENS JOBS

NOW THAT JOHN MCCAIN HAS DIED NO ONE ALIVE BEATING TRUMP IN 2020

POLITICS IN AMERICA IS ONE BIG LIE, YES ALL OF IT!

I have s - - t on my mind

Hi I'm Adam, and I believe that New Zealand created the Pavlova.

WE SHOULD LEGALIZE GLADIATOR FIGHTS AMONGST CONSENTING DEATH ROW IMMATE

EVERYONE LIKES THE SMELL OF THEIR OWN FARTS

Never met a woman who could be honest with me or herself for that matter

I am your son

ADDICTION IS NOT A DISEASE

SECURITY CAMERAS ARE AN INVASION OF PRIVACY

EVERYTHING CHANGED WHEN
THE FIRE NATION ATTACKED

Reddit is superior

LETTUCE IS JUST VEGETABLE BREAD

Um, I'm coffee. Drinking my tea!

I have better things to do in my life

MY LIFE IS A SIMULATION

THE ONLY THING THATS DUMB ABOUT SPACE FORCE IS IT'S NAME

TOM BRADY SHOULD RETIRE

WHEN A SINGULARITY HITS CRITICAL MASS A STAR IS BORN

Last living souls is the best Gorillaz song

Running Is (still) the most overrated form of Exercise

PEOPLE ASPIRE TO THE AMERICAN DREAM BUT NOT THE CHINESE/FRENCH/INDIAN/ GERMAN/MEXICAN/ ETC. DREAM

THE SAY IT AGAIN, DEXTER MEME'S ARE NEVER FUNNY

I should be studying, rather than making memes all the time.

THE PHANTOM MENACE IS THE GREATEST STAR WARS FILM

You’re never too old to laugh at a ketchup bottle fart

comic sans ms is the best font

GIVEUAHINT IS JESSICA

ALL OF MY MEMES ARE ORIGINAL

T-series is better than PewDiePie

why did thanos just snap twice

MOLLIE TIBBETS WOULD BE ALIVE IF CRISTHIAN RIVERA HAD BEEN DEPORTED.

TWEETS ARE FOR GEEKS

Anti-Vacs are the solution to overpopulation

Xbox is better

YOU’RE AN IDIOT

mike wazowski is shreks left nut

Mars is flat

YOUTUBE REWIND 2018 SUCKS

when you are giving kids vaccine you are getting paid to stab them

Memes are other people's personal aphorisms with a touch of humour

I'm dead inside.

Kids don't like to go to school because of the new Fortnite Season

I NEVER MAKE MYSELF ANONYMOUS WHEN I MAKE MEMES

WWE IS JUST REDNECK ANIME

Hulk's breakfast burritos look mighty good

If AntMan Crawls Into Thanos's But It Should Be Called "Rare Endgame"

clickbait

IF A MAN CAN'T LIFT 400 LBS OFF THE GROUND HE'S NOT FULLY GROWN

BULLYING IS NOWHERE NEAR AS MUCH OF A PROBLEM AS THE MEDIA PORTRAYS IT TO BE.

my life

THE MOVIE ESCAPE ROOM IS A RIP OFF OF SAW

Change my mind

THE WALKOFF HOME RUN IS THE GREATEST THING IN BASEBALL.

LIGHTS ARE JUST WANNABE SUNS

Minty is just spicy cold

All smug people should be neutered

Healthcare is expensive bc doctors have to go to school for the rest of their lives

TRAPS ARE GAY

ben shapiro doesn't exist

DENMARK ISN'T A REAL COUNTRY

DOOR TO DOOR MAIL DELIVERS SHOULD BE REPLACED WITH DRONES

EVERYONE AT WORK IS LAZY EXCEPT FOR ME

Repost stream is wear we just post extra memes

SANTA IS A MAN

Firestorm is better than Apex

IPHONE XS WAS AN EXCUSE FOR LACK OF CREATIVY

you are a human!

Spongebob is an anime

Only real men get Hufflepuff

FREE WILL IS A MYTH. RELIGION IS A JOKE. WE ARE ALL PAWNS CONTROLLED BY SOMETHING GREATER. MEMES

Sponge Bob memes are stupid and being overdone

Tupac was a better artist before signing to Death Row Records

SANTA SHOULD BE LOCKED UP FOR BREAKING AND ENTERING

THERE'S MORE EVIDENCE OF E.T.'S, THAN TRUMP/RUSSIA COLLUSION

People wont celebrate my return

TEDDY ROOSEVELT WOULD BEAT LINCOLN IN A FIGHT

Peter Mayhew was an amazing Wookiee. Oh wait, YOU CANT!

Pop tarts are dessert ravioli

What doesn't challenge you won't change you.

APU ISN'T RACIST

Apex is better than Fortnite

Spongebob is free publicity for burger joints

I will stop making memes on the school laptops

THE BEST MUSICAL WILL ALWAYS BE SOUTH PARK: BIGGER, LONGER & UNCUT

Pineapple and pizza go together, like peanut butter and jelly

The trailer for Sonic the hedgehog looks ass

marvel fans say they don't want endgame spoilers just so they can kill people who spoil it

If you and the cars around you are doing the same speed you should be in the same lane

Hated when you switched to Geico?

My hero academia is best anime

this meme is pointless waste of the creators time

CAR SALESMAN MEMES ARE ALL DUMB AF

TMNT are furry superheroes.

Halo is better than COD BO3

INSURANCE IS A SCAM

IMGFLIP IS A WASTE OF TIME

i like hentai

2000S DREAM THEATER IS BETTER THAN '90S DREAM THEATER

SpongeBob memes have more potential than most

The only good memes include bill nye, Shrek or vine references

OLD MAN BUSH SPENT MOST OF HIS LIFE ENRICHING HIMSELF AND HIS FAMILY, AND HELPING TO GET HIS PANSY SON ELECTED AS PRESIDENT

the metric system is better

Climate change is happening because nobody is performing Aztec Blood sacrifice rituals anymore

homework is not good

most of us wank off then are disgusted at ourselves

Life sucks

gif is not a meme

Thanos is just a mutated grape

the n word isn't a racist word

ZURG WOULD WRECK DARTH VADER

QUESIDILLAS ARE JUST MEXICAN LASAGNAS

This meme is dead

Tomatoes Are A Meat

Billy Mays is just oxycleaning up the Middle East

Bill Cosby is innocent

IMGFLIP POINTS HAVE NO VALUE

Ant-Man explodes Thanoses Ass in Endgame

TRANSGENDERISM IS A SOCIAL CONSTRUCT

Giving me money won't spoil me

Up votes are only for funny memes

ALL OF THE MEGAMAN GAMES WERE TOO HARD TO BE FUN

The american political system is flawed

POTASSIUM CHLORIDE IS THE GREATEST THING ON EARTH

HILLARY CLINTON LOST BECAUSE OF HILLARY CLINTON

THE US GOVERNMENT. IS LYING ABOUT UFO'S

i guess your right

The greatest problem we face is being unwilling to call idiots idiots

Earth is shaped like a donut

RYAN REYNOLDS IS THE FUNNIEST MAN ON THE PLANET.

DRUGS ARE NOT ILLEGAL UNTIL YOU GET COUGHT

Sometimes I fart on my hand, then smell it

THINK BRAIN SWAP SURGERY IS POSSIBLE?

trey young overrated as fuk!

I heard it on TV . Good point. Right? The problem with counterfeiters:
They never make any real money

Rain is just clouds crying because they feel sorry for our pointless existance

Band is an extreme sport

GOD’S LOVE ISN’T RECKLESS

DRAG SHOWS ARE JUST AS SEXIST AS MINSTREL SHOWS ARE RACIST

coronavirus is fake

Pineapples don’t grow under the sea.

the "make anonymous" option is a way to get away from copying a meme

RAP IS NOT MUSIC

PEOPLE SAY THAT GIRLS' LAST TOUR MANGA FINALE WAS DISAPPOINTING BECAUSE THEY JUST COULDN'T HANDLE IT

Breaking Benjamin has no bad songs.

Fortnite is not dying.

I'm just sitting here as a prop

god is better than me

Anything that consolidates power to the few is un-American. (also Jesus despised wealth)

Minecraft Hunger Games Is The Best

We should respect LGTQ people

BONES ARE JUST HARD MEAT

YOU CAN'T CHANGE MY MIND

Chruchburning is a new trend

REPTILES ARE BETTER PETS THAN MAMMALS

fortnite is the best game

You have to click "submit image" then "view/edit image" then "edit image" before you can title a meme

DASHHOPES MAKES BETTER MEMES THAN RAYDOG

IS THIS A PIGEON MEMES SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY

YOU GUYS ARE ALL GENIUSES

SPONGEBOB IS FOR STUPID BRAIN DEAD IDIOTS WHO DON'T KNOW WHAT REAL T.V. SHOWS ARE

FEMALE LINGERIE MODELS AND EXOTIC DANCERS WON'T BRING ME TACOS

Africa isn't Toto's best song

Someone cooking your food is not worth the trade off of doing the dishes. You can't

Spring is nature's bukkake season

EVEN CHICK-FIL-A EMPLOYEES SMOKE WEED

GUNS ARE JUST MACHINES THAT THROW TINY KNIVES

just waiting for the cops to show up and shoot me

Whis.pr is just memeing.

All gay people are happy to be happy to be gay which is happy

LIFE IS USELESS

Sister=toy

LIKE, THE WORLD IS GOING TO END IN 12 YEARS

this meme format is hard to find a caption for

black holes are no joke

AC/DC IS BETTER THAN LED ZEPPELIN

Scooping cottage cheese with cool ranch chips is a great snack for pregnant chicks

WATER IS WET

I AM BETTER AT DEBATING THAN YOU

You don't care what I think

joe was a great man

Doritos are the best

CLICKING THE LINK IN THE EMAIL WHEN YOU DON'T RECOGNIZE THE SENDER IS A BAD IDEA

Jon Snow is a pansy.

A Lamborghini is just car for Supreme

WE NEED ANOTHER BRIDGE AND A SYSTEM OF FERRIES IN THE CHESAPEAKE BAY

IM A MEME

COMMUNISM WILL ALWAYS FAIL

Arthur is a Capybara

THANKSGIVING COMES BEFORE
CHRISTMAS

I DOWN-VOTE MEMES WITH SPELLING ERRORS

Acorns are just peanuts with armour

U ugly

Black holes are just reverse anus's

PUMPKIN PIE TASTES THE SAME AS SWEET POTATO PIE

ARMED SOLELY WITH THE KNOWLEDGE OF MY SOCRATIC IGNORANCE

WE DON'T NEED LETTERS IN MATH

Ant-Man will kill thanos by going up his butt and then expanding

JK Rowling is gay

Canadians don't exist and are a conspiracy made up by the government, and if the only thing close to Canadians are people in the forest riding moose saying "eh" over and over again and say sorry for having their 7 foot 2 ton moose stepping on your toe.

It seems most world leaders have taken Hitlers study at home course “how to take over the world “

TRAPS ARE GAY BUT CUTE

I will never be a Christian

I love to play with turtles, and then take them home

The Countdown to summer begins when there are more days OF summer then TO it

BRAIN TRANSPLANTS ARE IMPOSSIBLE

It is good to fill heads with coins

Article 13 is gay

This meme was made to change people’s mind

ANTS ON A LOG IS JUST COMMUNIST PB&J

GLOBAL WARMING IS A HOAX

my dad wont come back with the milk like he said he would 20 years ago

FORTNITE IS GAY

Rocket launchers don't shoot rockets, they shoot missiles

Lesbians are just dick vegans

JACKETS ARE JUST HIGH-TECH PULLOVERS

SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIORS ARE A DISEASE OF SOCIETY

THIS WON'T HURT A BIT

im antisocial

THE NEXT GENERATION OF VOTERS IS THE SAME ONE THAT'S EATING TIDE PODS

WOMEN ONLY WANT TALL, RICH AND HANDSOME MEN

Captain Crunch should be Crappin Crunch

DANK MEMES AREN'T DANK ANYMORE

HARRY POTTER IS A JOCK NOT A NERD

A foot on a human cannot simply be called JUST a foot when we have toes too

April fools day was made so that people could point out who is really gullible

Master Splinter radicalized outcast youths to fulfill a personal vendetta

ALL POLITICAINS ARE LIERS AND CROOKS!!!! YES ALL OF THEM

JIMMY JOHN'S OVER SUBWAY

homeless people have no homes

CHANGING MY MIND IS MY MIND DECIDING TO TAKE THE SIDE OF THE BEST OPTION.

"Mozambique Here" is the best sound in the game

Violetine is the only ship we recognise

A girl wears shoes without socks, it’s sexy , but if a man goes with out socks it’s gross!

School is just a big daycare for idiots

Fortnite is better than apex

TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES 3 WAS A GOOD MOVIE

Batman is budget superman

The person beside me is weird

you probably didn't notice the girl at the left

NOKIA IS BETTER THAN APPLE

Nobody appreciates Xbox 360’s

THE CBC WORKS EXCLUSIVELY FOR IT'S OWN BOTTOM LINE AND IDEALS, CANADA IS JUST THEIR SHTICK

There is another change my mind guy on the right.

This is a dead meme

Rick and Morty is just Dexter's Laboratory for adults.

"Diet Soda" is an oxymoron

LEBRON SHOULD GO TO THE ROCKETS

the jenner sisters are better looking then the kardashian sisters

MUSHROOMS ARE JUST MEAT VEGETABLES

2+2=5

T-bagging does not affect the flavor of coffee.

noobs are worse than bots

Geography is more than just maps.

GRAVITY EQUALS THE SQUARE ROOT OF DISTANCE DIVIDED BY MASS

Popeye's chicken is better than Raisin' Cane's

R/ETIKAREDDITNETWORK IS CURRENTLY A HUGE STEAMING PILE OF DRAMA AND BULLSHIT

Deliberately exposing your children to a potentially deadly virus is child abuse.

Over-sea vacations are just the real life equivalent to saving up resources so you can raid an enemy base,

if ghost rider kills Thanos it should be Nicolas Cage

Paper towels are just toilet paper made for Bears.

There's nothing better on the internet than "One man, two cups"

cup holders are just cups for cups

i have moobs

I want you to change my mind

MACARONS ARE JUST FANCY POP TARTS

PINKALICIOUS IS CAILLOU WITH A WORSE VOICE

Rachel Maddow is hot.

Orange Justice > Default Dance

Many factors affect the cost of education apart from tuition. Lifestyle, Transportation, Supplies.

all pewdiepie and t-series do is cuss each other out

"Fruit Chutney" Is unsweetened Jam.

Wallabies are just kangaroo wannabes

Song Of Songs is the best book of the Bible

Dreams are false hopes in which we only see while we sleep because they will never happen

Kermit is just a retarded talking frog on helium

LGBTQ

This meme will have 10,000 views

Ryan Kriener is better than Tyler Cook

NSFW memes never get any upvotes

THE PATRIOTS ARE GOING TO WIN

Women rights is a joke that went to far

pewdiepies fanbase is 9 year olds

i am handsome

Thanks didn’t snap his fingers he clapped his cheeks

New balance skate shoes are still dad shoes

Everyone in this discord is a dumbass

Strong opinions are for the weak

8 AM CLASSES ARE THE BEST

Can you get an abortion on a whiny two year old? Asking for a friend

I have no idea why I’m sitting here

There are only two genders

I lost my virginity

I don’t know why I’m sitting here

IT IS POP NOT SODA

the fact that there's a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about human morality

Pewdiepie is better than the Kardashians

NASA needs people to that can make others laugh mars

KOMBUCHA IS JUST ALCOHOL MICRODOSING

LUFFY WOULD BEAT GOKU IN AN EATING CONTEST

The ocean is just wet land.

This meme template gets used too much

Trump should not be impeached

your a virgin

I want to punch Piers Morgan

TRANSFORMERS: THE MOVIE IS AN ANIME

Orchestras are just really fancy cover bands.

Greedo shot first.

College girls over dress

VAL KILMER AS DOC HOLLIDAY IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIE PORTRAYALS OF ALL TIME,

MY MEMES HAVEN'T MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE AND PROBABLY NEVER WILL

Cancerous Tumors are just repressed emotion babies

THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW IS THE BEST MADE TELEVISION SHOW EVER

So you want me to stay at Bubba Gump?

AMERICAN DAD IS 1000% BETTER THAN FAMILY GUY

water is wet

The dress is blue, and always will be

You only come here for memes

The earth is a triangle

Go-Fast boaters are the biggest showoffs you will ever meet.

Avocados taste like greasy lawn clippings!

THE DEMOGORGON CAME FROM AUSTRALIA

Rick and Morty is like half show, half science class

LAUREL AND YANNY IS BLUE BLACK/ WHITE GOLD DRESS

Up voting meme's doesn't change the world

MY HERO ACADEMIA IS BETTER THAN NARUTO

I will never read an "End User Licence Agreement"

GUNS FOR FREE

Kpoper = Gay

Caesar IS a salad dressing dude

The alphabet is a conspiracy.

People that spams upvote this for no reason on imgflip sucks

I work for Epic Games and vaulted the Drumgun from Fortnite

Mike Wazowski is the Illuminati

THERE’S ONLY 2 GENDERS

Posting on FB never changed anyone's mind.

Finding gold is hard
But finding coal is harder

Scracth 3.0 is good

ATOMIC BOMBS WON’T DESTROY AMERICA BUT GREED WILL

LGBTQ+ is pointless

THIS MEME WILL NEVER SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY

AIRBUS IS BETTER THAN BOEING

red skittles are a gift from god

FORD HIRES DEMOCRATIC OPERATIVE RICKI SEIDMAN AND YOU SAY THIS ISN'T POLITICAL?

SOCIALISM SUCKS THE GAY RIGHT OUT OF LIBERACE'S ANUS

"NO VASELINE" IS THE BEST DISS TRACK EVER

MIRACLE WHIP TASTES WAY BETTER THAN MAYONNAISE

you cant change my mind

PEOPLE WHO GO TO COLLEGE JUST DIDN’T PAY ATTENTION IN HIGH SCHOOL

BRAZILIANS ARE JUST A FIXED VERSION OF PORTUGAL

I DON'T THINK FOR MYSELF

IF YOU LIKE TURTLES

CHANGE MY MIND

I sell LemonAids

FALLING BACK AN HOUR IS BETTER THAN SPRINGING AHEAD AN HOUR

DANELIYA TULYESHOVA IS LIKE A CLASSIER VERSION OF ARIANA GRANDE

SOCIALISM IS A SOCIAL DISEASE

we should have a stream for dank memes

THE NEW HEAVY SHOT GUN IN FORTNITE SUCKS

PASTA IS JUST BOILED BREAD

FORTNITE IS TRASH

COVID-19 THE BOOMER DOOMER

YOUR INSIDES ARE A ROCKY PLACE WHERE MY SEED WILL FIND NO PURCHASE

THE EARTH ISN'T FLAT

NO MATTER WHAT WWE DOES, THE FANS ARE STILL GONNA BOO ROMAN REIGNS

LIFE ITSELF ISN'T POINTLESS, IT'S JUST THE SHIT YOU GET FROM OTHER PEOPLE THAT MAKES YOU FEEL THAT WAY. AND PLEASE:

THERE HAVE BEEN TOO MANY SHIT GAMES SINCE 2010 THAT I THINK EVERYONE'S JUST +DEPRESSED

REPUBLICANS/DEMOCRATS ARE ONE IN THE SAME

EARTH IS FLAT

FACEBOOK IS PLAYING PUBLIC SCAPEGOAT FOR THE BACKDOORS THE NSA FORCED ON ENCRYPTION SERVICES

YOU KNOW MCCAIN’S WIFE IS WORTH MORE THEN 400 MILLION BUT THE TAX PAYERS WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR IT ALL

THE KARDASHIAN WOMEN LOVE BLACK SAUSAGE

9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB

CANASIAN IS A WORD

FORTNITE MEMES ARE BAD

women dont exist

Rhinos are out of shape unicorns

CUTIES ARE BETTER THAN HALOS

THAT VERONICA VAUGHN IS ONE PIECE OF AISHE

asdfmovie12's intro was unoriginal, and unnecesarily animated.

SOFT TACOS ARE JUST OPEN FACED BURRITOS

apex is better

BIRDS ARE FRUIT BECAUSE THEY GROW ON TREES

GOP. SHOULD REALIZE, IF YOU DESTROY THE MIDDLE CLASS YOU KILL RETAIL STORES

Jordan Peterson is a Christian self-help guru, not an intellectual

THIS MEME IS USELESS

CANADA IS NOT REAL

Climate change is a hoax

stop making upvote and area 51 memes, please. #STOP THIS

T-SERIES IS INNOCENT

MOSQUITOS CARRY THE CURE FOR CANCER

THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH MARRYING YOUR COUSIN.

SITKA GEAR IS OVER PRICED AND OVER RATED. CHANGE MY MIND.

REAL COUNTRY MUSIC IS NOT PLAYED ON COUNTRY RADIO ANYMORE

MADD SHOULD CHANGE THEIR NAME TO MAID

Candy corn is awesomely good.

I want to die! Nvm,

LEFTIST BULLIES ARE AS BAD AS NAZIS

IT'S ONLY MURDER IF THEY FIND THE BODY

OWNING A DOG IS LIKE SELF-IMPOSED SERVITUDE

FAT PEOPLE NEED LOVIN TOO

THIS MEME IS GOOD

LIFE SUCKS, AND THEN YOU DIE

Tyler Perry's movies and shows are terrible.

NARUTO FIGHT SCENES ARE BETTER THAN DRAGON BALL FIGHT SCENES

MINT FLAVORED GUM IS DISGUSTING

YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO DRIVE A TOW MATER

THE NEW BRAZILIAN PRESIDENT NEEDS TO BE ASSASINATED

Garlic is just mini onions

SCIENTISTS NEED TO INVENT A PILL TO CHANGE THE SMELL OF FARTS

KEVIN SPACEY IS INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY

Joan of Arc was Noah's wife

taking a crap in school is worse than child labor

RASCAL IS A BETTER NAME FOR THE GLITTER FORCE VILLAIN THAN JOKER

T.V. TIME CONSTRAINTS HAVE RUINED FOOTBALL

burger king was once burger prince

FORTNITE CREATIVE IS JUST MINECRAFT

TECHNOLOGY KILLS

HOW LONG BEFORE HOLLYWOOD MAKES A FULL LENGTH MOVIE ABOUT THE KARDASHIAN’S, OR GIVES ONE OF THEM A TALK SHOW

Storming Area 51 will be our greatest accomplish

MY MIND IS UNCHANGEABLE

LIPS ARE 2 EARTHWORMS CRAWLING ACROSS YOUR FACE

A VANILLA SOY LATTE IS TECHNICALLY A 3-BEAN SOUP

I'm deaf and blind.

I suck and I'm giving up

FULLER HOUSE IS BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL

BMX HAS MORE DRAMA THAN ANY OTHER SPORT

THE REVOLUTIONARY WAR WAS A GLORIFIED PROXY WAR BETWEEN BRITAIN AND THE REST OF EUROPE

no one will upvote this meme

BATMAN WILL BE IN AVENGERS 4

MODERN MOVIES ARE MORE ARTISTIC THAN CLASSIC MOVIES.

SOUTH PARK IS THE JONATHON SWIFT OF OUR GENERATION

waffles are pancakes with square indents

WE GET IT ALL PUPPIES ARE CUTE

Banana peals could be used and weapons because of their slipperyness

I'm a better memer than you

FRISK IS MINE

LET'S AGREE TO DISAGREE

RAMS NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO BEAT THE PATRIOTS

THE WOODCHUCK COULD CHUCK 23 LOGS OF WOOD IF A WOODCHUCK COULD CHUCK WOOD

TAEKWONDO IS BETTER THAN KARATE

YAWNING IS NOT CONTAGIOUS

Here's something that's going to a sivil war in the imgflip community: It's Mom, not Mum and it's Zee, not Zed

if god exists, he would have made ALL of us believe in him

TROPICAL PUNCH IS THE BEST KOOL-AID

Mike Judge is a clone of Vladimir Putin

T-series is the best

I'm holding coffee

TRUMP IS THE NEW JFK

I'VE BEEN THINKING TOO MUCH

The Ranch is just and American Gulag

ANYONE WITH VISIBLE MS13 TATOOS SHOULD BE SHOT ON SIGHT

YOUTUBE REWIND WAS A TEST TO SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE LIVE IN AUSTRALIA

LIBERTARIANS ARE THE NEW DEMOCRATS. DEMOCRATS ARE THE NEW COMMUNISTS.

SPACE JUMP IS THE BEST ITEM IN THE GAME

TIK TOK IS VINE

Pumpkin spice is the best seasonal flavor

PIZZA ROLLS ARE JUST ITALIAN GUSHERS

Crabs are evil

FIREBALL IS JUST WATERED DOWN RED HOTS

NATURAL LIGHT IS CAMEL PISS

your Moms gay

LASERDISCS ARE BETTER THAN BLU-RAYS

HUSH PUPPIES ARE JUST SAVORY DOUGHNUT HOLES

ACTION FIGURES ARE NOT DOLLS

Spawning Llamas in Minecraft makes the best noise

Relaxing is just blue ballsing yourself from sleeping.

Light theme on Discord isn't bad and doesn't burn your eyes

The Earth is FLAT

A tree falls in a forest and there is no living creature to hear it. Then the tree made no sound

Minecraft is better than fortnite

Circles are just squares without sides

Yote > Yeeted

If this meme gets over 50 upvotes I will never make a meme again

The Earth is Flat

Caps are winning the super bowl

ROBITUSSIN MAKES THE BEST METH

MY MEMES SUCK

THE ONLY CONSPIRACY IS THE "CONSPIRACY CONCEPT". ITS THE 1% LIVING OFF WHAT AN INDIVIDUAL IS WILLING TO GIVE

TIMBITS ARE BETTER THAN MUNCHKINS

NOBODY SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO LEAVE THE HOUSE WITHOUT AT LEAST A .22 AND A SHORT SWORD

BACK IN MY DAY ANNOYING MORONS TALKED TOO LOUD ON THEIR CELL PHONES NOW THEY DO IT WHILE DANCING AROUND ON VIDEO PHONES

GOLF ISN'T A SPORT

LES PAUL'S ARE THE GREATEST GUITARS EVER MADE

YOU GUYS ARE ALL IDIOTS

SERINA IS SEXIER THAN CORTANA

YOU SHOT A DEER AT 75 YARDS BUT TOLD EVERYONE IT WAS 250 YARDS BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOUR PACE COUNT IS AND NEVER WALKED OFF THE DISTANCE

Elon Musk is a memelord

I enjoy me and the boys memes

YOU'RE OPINIONS ARE NOT FACTS

ROBLOX IS GAY

SIZE DOESN'T MATTER

YOU'RE ALL WRONG. IT'S SAYING "YAMMY"

People who change gender are transformers

By downvoting your memes only I get IMGFLIP points

HI PITCH ERIK IS GAY AS SHIT

MYSTERY SCIENCE THEATER 3000 IS FUNNY

I RELOAD MY PAGES TO GET VIEWS

BONELESS WINGS ARE GLORIFIED CHICKEN NUGGETS

HONEY NUT FROSTED FLAKES TASTES LIKE ASS

Jurassic Park was the best movie ever made

SANTA IS A CHAOTIC GOOD ELF ROGUE

NOT ALL MODERN MUSIC IS BAD

MITCH MARSH SHOULD BE IN THE TEST SIDE

VERNON HAS BEEN A GOOD BOI FOR SANTA

IM A GUNIEUS

THE KARDASHIAN’S ARE AN EXAMPLE OF ALL THAT IS WRONG WITH AMERICA

BAKER MAYFIELD WILL BE A HALL OF FAMER

Swine Flu is worse than Bat Virus

I WOULD RATHER SHARE A BED WITH PAMELA ANDERSON THAN ARIANA GRANDE

THIS MEME ISN'T FUNNY

IF YOU’RE NOT A TEACHER OR KNOW WHAT A TEACHER DEALS WITH ON THE DAILY, PLEASE KEEP YOUR IGNORANCE TO YOURSELF INVOLVING THE TEACHER STRIKE,

we should stop acting like we like fortnite even though we should like Minecraft more

YOU ARE PROBABLY A MORON

USING EMERGENCY POWERS FOR SOMETHING THAT ISN'T AN EMERGENCY IS JUST A DICTATORSHIP

Your gf will monitor every like and status on your profile while the man readyeally doesn't gaf

Headcount is Useless

You guys posted Avengers Endgame spoilers 3 weeks in advance to the actual date we’d promise to do so. Don’t try to

YOUTUBE ISN'T A REAL JOB

PYTHON'S WHERE IT'S AT

FEMALE CELEBRITIES LOVE GOING TO GLORY HOLES, BECAUSE THE GUY ON THE OTHER SIDE HAS NO IDEA WHO IS SUCKING THE D

I GENUINELY LIKE NICKELBACK DESPITE THE FACT MOST PEOPLE HATE THEM.

NP = P

LOOFAS ARE THREE-DIMENSIONAL WASH CLOTHS

MIKE WASOSKI IS A SHREK AND MINION HYBRID

RUSSIA HACKING THE ELECTION IS FAKE NEWS

UPVOTE OR I WILL STOP MAKING MEMES

All Coffees taste like shit, its just a matter of how strong it is...

GRAVITY EQUALS THE SQUARE ROOT OF MASS DIVIDED BY DISTANCE

A religion is just a successful cult

THIS POST IS SPAM

TINY DOGS ARE GAY

I'M COLD

Not funny

LIFE SAVER MINTS ARE BETTER THAN THE GUMMIES

FORTNITE'S LEGENDARY SHOTGUN IS THE RAREST WEAPON IN THE HISTORY OF GAMES

FREDDIE GILES IS A CLOSET BULLDOG FAN

email is pretty much useless anymore

is crack cocaine a good drug or is it worse than heroine? and how do i know my hemmoroids are a problem? the new world order is here and they are watching everything you do

A HOT DOG ON A BUN IS A SANDWICH

SOUR CREAM IS JUST SHITTY YOGURT

TRANSGENDER IS A DUDE WITH A MUTILATED DIKK

SORRY BUT MUSHROOMS BELONG ON A PIZZA NO MORE THEN COOL WHIP BELONGS ON A TACO

IT'S NOT OKAY TO LIKE HENTAI

Your Nudes won't impress me

Vaccination Causes Autism

STACEY DASH WOULD MAKE A GOOD CONGRESSWOMAN

HEATH LEDGER'S JOKER BORROWED FROM TOMMY LEE'S TWO FACE

PRO WRESTLING ISN'T "FAKE," IT'S CHOREOGRAPHED.

THIS MEME WILL NOT GET TO THE FRONT PAGE

THE MOST DANGEROUS ANIMAL IN THE WORLD IS A SMILING WOMAN

PEOPLE WHO ARE IN CHARGE OF HIRING NEW PEOPLE DISCRIMINATE AGAINST PEOPLE WHO DON'T HAVE A CAR

Blink-182 is TRASH with or without Tom DeLonge

It's easier for girls to be boys than it is for boys to be girls

"A BUG'S LIFE" IS BETTER THAN "ANTS"

THE ANGRY BIRDS MOVIE IS A DIRECT ALLEGORY FOR THE EUROPEAN MIGRANT CRISIS

CHRISTMAS MEMES ARE BETTER THEN SPOOKTOBER

PEOPLE JUST WANT 2019 TO HURRY UP AND BE OVER FOR 2020

O.J. DIDNT DO IT

GEORGE HARRISON'S "GOT MY MIND SET ON YOU" IS ABOUT A REVENGE HIT.

T-Series is better than Pewdiepie

ALEX JONES IS A SCAM ARTIST

WELL GO ON. CHANGE MY MIND. I SHOULDN'T STOP QUOTING RANDOM PEOPLE, CREEPYPASTAS, ECT.

PRO TIP ... NOBODY CARES.

THE STOCK MARKET IS A PRIME EXAMPLE OF SOCIALISM

LAGGERS ARE EGYPTIANS

furries are adorable

THERE'S A WARM WIND BLOWING THE STARS AROUND.

When you die, your voice becomes added to the list of people who say "aye aye captin" in the spongebob intro

RUSH IS THE BEST STYLE IN YAKUZA KIWAMI

The fun page has become the repost page

ROCKY BALBOA VS IVAN DRAGO IS THE GREATEST FIGHT SCENE IN MOVIE HISTORY

REY IS A NOBODY

pepsi is best drink

RUSSIA IS JUST EUROPEAN FLORIDA

This meme will have 0 comments

ALEX COOLEY & RONIN BLACKMOORE ARE RACISTS

I'm the bad guy

GEORGE W IS THE GOAT PRESIDENT

Volunteer Firefighters are just hobbyists.

Canada is better

GABE ONLY HAS HOES

CHICKEN POT PIE IS BETTER THAN POT ROAST. YOU CAN'T

I SHOULD BUY FALLOUT 76

people with wiggly teeth have something to fidget with, and they will focus better

JOCKS ARE JUST SPORTS NERDS

GUNS KILL PEOPLE

Fortnite is better than Minecraft

I DON'T USUALLY ACCEPT FRIEND REQUESTS FROM PEOPLE WHO HAVE UNFRIENDED ME IN THE FIRST PLACE

“SID & NANCY” IS A COMEDY

I'm changing my mind

Cheese is just boneless milk

IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS YET

this meme is good

THIS COFFEE IS REALLY TEA

THE US HAS THE MOST POWER FULL AND DESTRUCTIVE MILITARY IN THE WORLD, IF THEY GO TO WAR AGAINST THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WE WON'T STAND A CHANCE

Riverdale sucks!

Ketchup goes well with apple pie

Lowercase "d" is just an opposite lowercase "b"

SHE SHOULD NOT BE BELIEVED

TRUMP ONLY SOUGHT THE PRESIDENCY IN ORDER TO GET RICHER

PIZZA IS JUST BREAD PARMIGIANA

I USE THE WHITE THEME ON DISCORD

I'M GAY

xbox is better than playstation

THE HUMAN RACE IS A MISTAKE BY NATURE

There’s no such thing as too many
crystals

DAYS GET SHORTER IN THE SUMMER.

THIS WILL NEVER BE A SAFE, ACCURATE, OR REPEATABLE SETUP

First posts are the worst posts

Fortnite is trash and Minecraft is better

HEY POLITICANS TRY DOING SOMETHING GOOD FOR AMERICA INSTEAD OF YOUR BANK ACCOUNT FOR A CHANGE

I'M NOT PLANNING TO MAKE ANY MAJOR CHANGES WITHIN THE FIRST SIX MONTHS

UPVOTES ARE RARE AS @#$% ON NEW MEMES

I'M VERY EASILY SWAYED BY THE SIMPLEST AND MOST UNINFORMED OF ARGUMENTS

MOST WOMEN WOULD BE
HAPPIER FOLLOWING
TRADITIONAL GENDER ROLES

WE ALL SUCK AT MEMES

Humans don’t die, they decide to stop living without knowing.

PAGANS ARE NOT LEAVING, CHRISTIANS

♀ ≠ ♂

MY SPOUSE IS GREAT IN BED

Frozen is overrated

WATER IS WET

ON TV YOU HAVE TO WATCH 12 MINUTES OF COMMERCIALS FOR EACH 30 MINUTE SHOW ,SOON IT WILL BE THE SAME ON THE WEB , NON STOP COMMERCIALS

IF YOU NEED TO BE REMINDED THAT YOU HAVE CHILDREN IN THE CAR, YOU’RE PROBABLY A PIECE OF SHIT WHO DOESN’T DESERVE CHILDREN IN THE FIRST PLACE,

THIS TEMPLATE CONTRIBUTES TO THE DE-LEGITIMIZATION OF ONES OPPONENTS IN GENERAL CONVERSATIONS THUS HARMING THE DEBATE CLIMATE.

THE GIFTS JESUS RECEIVED WERE USELESS

EARTH IS NOT FLAT

This meme template is dead

THAC0 WAS THE GREATEST INNOVATION EVER

POSTING POLITICAL SHIT WHILE NOT ACTUALLY DOING ANYTHING TO CHANGE WHAT YOU PERCEIVE AS AN INJUSTICE DOES NOTHING.

Ben Solo should never have been trained as a Jedi

I don’t find women covered in tattoos appealing

The Iron Giant is a better superhero movie than the Avengers

YOU CANNOT GET A DUI ON A SEGWAY

JACO WOULD HAVE USED A 5 STRING

DARKSOULS 2 HAD MORE LORE WEAPONS AND COSPLAY ABILITIES FOR CHARACTERS THEN ANY OTHER GAME IN THE SERIES

Tom Brady isn't a very good quarterback and doesn't belong in the Hall of Fame.

BLASPHEMY IS A HUMAN RIGHT

Afua Hirsch is a Jew-tool

Pewdipie or T series? Pewdipie for life

if climates change, we could all die

SHAWARMA IN THE "SHAURMA CLUB" IS THE WORST

JESUS AND MUHAMMAD ARE GAY LOVERS

PRO-LIFERS HAVE NOT USED TACTICS LIKE PREGNANCY PLANING AND CONTRACEPTIVE PROMOTION TO REDUCE ABORTION

ONE FUNCTION OF GOVERNMENT IS TO CREATE JOBS FOR INCOMPETENT PEOPLE.

Pokémon is cool

LEBRON IS THE 🐐

THE DEVIL BEAT JOHNNY IN THEIR HEADS UP FIDDLE CONTEST

Black Mirror Season 5 was trash.

THE WORLD IS FLAT

The earth is flat!

I SAY,NUKE IT FROM ORBIT,IT'S THE ONLY WAY TO BE SURE.

100% of people with Corona die.

Tentacle hentai isn't hot

DESPACITO 2 IS UNDERRATED

TRUMP IS AN ALIEN

THE CASTING CHOICE FOR STARFIRE SUCKS

therapists are The rapists

This meme will not make it to the front page

MOST ANIME MUSIC GETS WORSE AFTER THE FIRST SEASON

LACTOSE IS A TRASH BEER INGREDIENT

THERESA MAY’S ARMS ARE TOO LONG

I will never die

THE RAYGUN SUCKS ASS

THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO WEAR ENGLAND SHIRTS ARE ZAFIRA OWNERS AND ALCOHOLICS

VISUAL NOVELS ARE NOT VIDEO GAMES

KEYNESIANISM IS AN IQ TEST

humans are worthless scum bags that need annihilating

IT AINT EASTER YET

A JACKDAW IS A CROW

CONNOR IS JUST PLAIN AND Y'ALL JUST HAVE SHITTY TASTE

i will start world war IIIIIIIIIIIII

The guy that is known for cheating on his girlfriend will not cheat on me

SOCCER IS FOR SOY BOYS

SJW SHOULD BE RENAMED SOCIAL INJUSTICE WARRIORS SINCE THAT'S WHAT THEY'RE REALLY FIGHTING FOR

If I die in the crusades it will grant me a ticket to heaven

IF YOUR RELIGION OR POLITICAL PLATFORM AUTOMATICALLY MAKES YOU NOT CARE ABOUT THE LIVELIHOODS OF CERTAIN PEOPLE OR DISCREDIT THEM AS A WHOLE, IT’S TRASH.

I EAT VEAL

YOU TASTE BETTER WHEN HAIRY

DRAKE HAS BEEN THE NUMBER 1 HIP-HOP ARTIST THE PAST 10 YEARS
⁶𓅓 O̥ͦV̥ͦO̥ͦ

THE EMOJI MOVIE WAS ACTUALLY GOOD

CUOMO KNEW

GUNS DONT HURT NOBODY, ONLY DUMBASSES DO

THE MOON LANDING WAS FAKED ON THE MOON

Wake up every morning i got murder on my mind

BAD PEOPLE ARE BAD

ANIME IS BETTER THAN MANGA

you are not funny

UGANDAN KNUCKLES ISN'T FUNNY

REAL MEN DONT EAT ASS

FORTNITE IS JUST A TUTORIAL TO BUILDING TRUMP'S WALL

IMGFLIP IS THE ONLY REASON EVERYONE WAKES UP

ALL BREWPUBS SHOULD HAVE A DEEP FRYER. "ARTISANAL" SHOULD NOT APPEAR IN RELATION TO ANY FOOD ON THE MENU.

the movie it was just ronald mcdonalds version of advertisement

Save the Turts

BETHESDA SHOULD REMASTER OBLIVION

Xbox Is Gay

IF YOU PARK CROOKED BLOCKING A SPACE? YOUR A DOUCHE BAG

When a website shows a banner saying "You and your data", they mean "How we profit from your data"!

PEOPLE WHO POST THEIR ENTIRE CONCERT ON SNAPCHAT NEED TO UNINSTALL.

I bet this meme won't get to the number 1 page

Dogs bark loudly because weed is loud. Weed is loud because it is a plant like trees. Trees have bark so dogs make weed loud.

spoilers are easy to avoid

The earth is flat and hollow

FORTNITE IS BETTER THAN PUBG

The final battle in Endgame was just a game of football

"Return of the Jedi" is the best Star Wars film

THE ROYAL WEDDING IS BETTER THAN SEASON 2 13 REASONS

MEN WHO ARE ALWAYS WITH MULTIPLE WOMEN WHILE FEIGNING EXCLUSIVITY ARE HIDING THE INADEQUACY THEY FEEL WITH ANY WOMAN

THE MINI-SERIES VERSION OF KING'S "IT" WITH HARRY FROM NIGHT COURT WAS MUCH BETTER THAN THE NEW SCARIER ONE.

FEMINISTS ARE RUINING EVERYTHING

htng vwls s wht ?

People Should Stop Spoiling Endgame

They're dead

Samsung > Apple

NATSUKI IS BEST GIRL

SIMPLY GIVING BIRTH TO A CHILD DOESN’T MAKE YOU A PARENT,

plumbers crack isnt always found with plumbers

enchiladas are just Mexican lasagna

Birds of Prey is disappointing.

My wife's a chicken

The earth is flat

MICHAEL JORDAN IS THE GOAT

TED FALK IS AN ASSHOLE

Pineapple on pizza is perfectly acceptable.

Nebula should be dead instead of iron man

THE SPICE GIRLS ARE BETTER THAN THE BEATLES

ANIME IS BETTER THAN SERIES

Your mother was a 3D printer

Metallica killed Turn the Page

TRAPS ARE GAY

PAYDAY IS THE BEST CANDY BAR

RC COLA IS JUST AS GOOD AS COKE OR PEPSI,

KEVIN'S DOUCHINESS IS ALL JUST AN ACT

COURTNEY LOVE MURDERED KURT COBAIN,

I WON'T GAG ON A 12 INCH DICK

the man on picture is wearing blue t shirt

Just waiting to get my pandora skips back so don't mind this viagra ad

pickles are teenage cucumbers

THERE ARE TOO MANY TEMPLATES FOR THIS MEME

THIS MEME IS DEAD

YOUR RUSTED OUT JEEP ISN'T WORTH $5K

I HAVE A BABY CARROT

ROSEANNE ROCKS

CUBONE IS JUST A CHARMANDER WEARING A SKULL

I bet you can't change my mind

CAPTAIN JANEWAY MURDERED TUVIX

SPIDER-MAN 1 AND 2 BY RAIMI ARE THE GREATEST SPIDEY FILMS EVER

You should be allowed to sue the people that give you their cold and flu viruses

GRAVITY IS FASTER THAN LIGHT

TATTOOS
ARE SO GAY

JUSTICE LEAGUE IS BETTER THAN BLACK PANTHER

I'M THE WORST BOYFRIEND EVER

SCIENTIFIC THEORIES AND SPIRITUAL FAITH ARE THE SAME THING

VOMITING IS MORE FUN THEN DIARRHEA.

H1Z1 IS A GOOD GAME

FOLIE A DEUX IS FALL OUT BOY'S BEST ALBUM

EARTH IS FLAT

SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK

THIS MEME IS DEAD

IF YOU'RE GONNA LISTEN TO MUSIC ON THE BUS, WEAR SOME DAMN HEADPHONES!

PAPER MARIO 64 HAS VERY FEW GAME BREAKING GLITCHES

Talking to your crush is harder than Sekiro

Subscribe to T-sieries

BUSH DID 9/11

I CAN CHANGE YOUR MIND

VIEWS AND UPVOTES JUST DISAPPEARED

IMGFLIP NEEDS MORE MEMES THAT ARE ACTUALLY DANK

facebook is grown up discord

I CAN OWN WHATEVER GUN I WANT DUE TO THE 2ND AMENDMENT AND BECAUSE I HAVE NO CRIMINAL RECORD AND NO RECORD OF BEING A WHACKO

BEST MEME EVER

Doom 3 was a great game and people only hate it because it wasn't Doom 2.

BREAKING BENJAMIN USES AUTO-TUNE

Lift is only used when Uber driver’s shifts are over

Y'ALL GIRLS DON'T NEED MEN TO MAKE YOU HAPPY

This is a good meme

White people aren't real!

Dr doofinshmertz head is just a sideways phineas head

If we blew up the earth, global warming wouldn't be a problem

I'M NOT UNEMPLOYED. MY BOSS MOVED MY DESK TO THE PARK

you can wash ur dish using spongebob

If we vault mechs in fortnite then the community would be happy.

A WINDMILL MECHANICALLY TURNING A COMPRESSOR WILL PROVIDE A LIFETIME OF FREE PNEUMATICS

"THE LOST LEVELS" IS THE HARDEST MARIO GAME

OPEN BORDERS ARE GOOD

I'M VERY FLEXIBLE AND OPEN-MINDED!

earth is flat

BATMAN IS NOT A SUPERHERO

Australia Exists

When you actually met your quota this month

This meme is becoming really popular

I’M IN MY MIDDLE 60S DEVORCED 3 TIMES I MIGHT GET INTO A RELATIONSHIP , BUT ALL THE WOMEN I SEE ARE UGLY !!

Don’t

WILLIAM AFTON DID NOTHING WRONG AND IS AN INNOCENT BOI

THE SECOND CONTINENTAL CONGRESS ASSUMED THE NORMAL FUNCTIONS OF A GOVERNMENT, APPOINTING AMBASSADORS, ISSUING PAPER CURRENCY, RAISING THE CONTINENTAL ARMY THROUGH CONSCRIPTION, AND APPOINTING GENERALS TO LEAD THE ARMY. THE POWERS OF THE CONGRESS WERE STILL VERY LIMITED, HOWEVER.

White people Aren't real

BEING GAY IS A SIN

THE MOON IS MADE OF CHEESE

DAY SHIFT IS BETTER THAN NIGHT SHIFT

FORTNITE IS BETTER THAN PUBG

Baby yoda is the best

ONLY COMMUNISTS EAT WELL-DONE STEAK.

corona virus is just a plague inc game

IN-N-OUT IS TRASH

Babies are just recites of what you did 9 months earlier

YOU WON’T SHOW ME YOUR BOOBIES

I'M DEAD

Am I the only person in the universe who trys to piece together an tv series based solely an the tv ad spots?

YOU CAN'T DECIDE WHAT YOUR GENDER IS. YOU ARE EITHER MALE OR FEMALE.

Not wearing a mask

PUNJABI METAL IS THE BEST METAL

BOTH THE RANGER'S APPRENTICE AND THE ROYAL RANGER SEQUEL SERIES ARE EXCELLENT IN THEIR OWN WAYS

I refuse to consider other opinions. Especially yours.

Corona cures CoronaVirus

misogyny isn't bad

LEAD LIFE OF QUIET DESPERATION

your adopted because god is your dad

The boomers are a trash generation

Baby peanut is better than baby yoda

350/370Z IS THE NEW MUSTANG.

monty python on shrooms couldnt create a more ridiculous impeachment hearing

MCDONALD'S DOESN'T REALLY HAVE 100% FRESH BEEF

Springtraps a furry

Most furries are just little kids who were made to be cringey

Serial killers are people that kill cereal

Lakki marwat gamers are just gaymers

MEXICAN BABIES AREN’T REAL BABIES

A dictionary is google with paper

Sword fights in movies get boring very quickly

EVERY MEGAMAN GAME IS GLORIOUS

XICOR IS NOTHING TO ZENO-SAMA AND SAIYAN ENIGMA

1% of British kids are spoiled.

There are no true facts, only factual ones

Maroon is just navy red

The “G” in Chibi stands for giant

IF 69 AND 420 NUMBERS ARE = NICE THEN 489 = DUOBLE NICE

IF YOU ARE A DEADHEAD WHO SUPPORTS TRUMP, YOU ARE ONLY THERE FOR THE DRUGS

The guy who has leon will always want leon to get buff.

Mario is the fattest on the Earth and in videogames

YouTube is better than Netflix

DESTINY IS A GREAT TRILOGY

Dr Strange and Brand the Broken are the same character

Mandalorian is the StarWars version of LoneWolf And Cub

Hummus on bread is not a sandwich

NORWEGIAN IS JUST DANISH SPOKEN WITHOUT A BIG POTATO IN YOUR MOUTH

SJW's are anti human

Santa is a stalker

TRUMP GIVES ME A HEADACHE

gluten free cereal tastes like chalk

every second, minute, half hour and so on is a year, decade and century

Only women leave their clothes laying around the bathroom

Die Hard is not a Christmas film

TRUMP IS A RUSSIAN PUPPET

College Football players who attend school online should only be eligible for virtual Heisman's.

The Mandalorian Ep 8 is better than any other Star Wars

memes cure depression

I Going to get out of this chair and get someone to replace me by holding this coffee mug and say any funny comment

Windows 10 is crap

Santa is the most judgemental person on earth.

SOPRANOS IS BETTER THAN SOA

waffles are just pancakes with holes

Water bottles are just enslaved moisture.

Kane and Abel had to be motherfrickers in order to drive the human race forward

netflix movies are just bedtime stories to adults

PUBG IS BETTER THAN FORTNITE

Jiraiya was the weakest character in the Naruto franchise

BEING WHITE ONLY MAKES ME LAME IF YOU'RE A LOW IQ RACIST CLIQUEY COOL KID

FORTNITE IS POPULAR ONLY BECAUSE ITS FREE

THE BIBLE IS NOT A SOURCE OF MORALITY

Believing in science is not the same as understanding science. Climate change is a hoax based on the appeal to authority fallacy.

SKYLINES AND SUPRAS ARE OVERRATED

Memes are distracting

SLAVERY WAS A CHOICE

Baby Yoda a.k.a. "The Child" is just a green Gizmo from Gremlins

Baby Yoda should not be meme of the decade because it is so late in the decade. But he should be meme of the decade next time.

let's do more homework

Black Ops 1 is better than MW2

TAXATION IS THEFT

I LOVE KRIS!

DEMOCRATS ARE THE SAME AS REPUBLICANS

CHEESE IS NOT AS GOOD AS TOMATOS

If you can suck on a straw and get the fluid on the other end then I can kiss somebody and suck their turds out

Danny Carey is the most talented member of Tool.

When It comes to take one bowls on Halloween, it's every man for himself.

Mr Furley was a cokehead.

Clouds come from factories and Solar Panels were made to destroy agriculture

The new Star Wars is fake

Underage drinking is a victimless act and therefore should not be criminalized

trumps
great

White people are just glow-in-the-dark black people

E vine de la Error

fortnite is good

Polyamorous people are just really honest cheaters

UR MOM GAY

The Marsquake exists

it's free real estate

The tree are speaking Vietnamese

You suck. Because you are bad at school. You are such an idiot, that I could kill you right now. Seriously, I have higher expectations than you at school.

Mr. Kuntzman is the best teacher

YOU CAN FAULT THE VAULT

Not one thing in the bible can be proven to have happened

IM NOT CELEBRATING NATIONAL FEMINIST DAY

Can you give this upvote pretty pls

WOMEN WHO WEAR PANTIES, ARE NEVER CLEAN SHAVEN.

Minecraft copyrights sucks!

godzilla is better than an more powerful than king kong

MUSTANGS ARE TRASH

Buffalo Wild WIngs is crap

The Amazon rainforest is on fire so we should make memes about it to spread awareness

Al Bundy murdered his family, stole the Darcies money and moved away taking on the identity of "jay", getting rich starting a new family and then 20 years later had a documentary filmed about him called modern family.

I'm going to secretly switch my colleague's Coffee to Cat Piss ...

My brain doesn't seem to be working very well... I think I'll

I'll never change my mind

This isn't FaceBook

James Charles is GAY

I'm about show my nuts

upvote

I have no opinion

Phish and the Grateful Dead are the exact same band.

Epstein was innocent

I am straight

donal trump

K-POOP SUCKS

The writers of Stranger Things should have written Game of Thrones

There are only 150 real pokemon

The Kardashian’s, on one endless undeserved. Vacation

I need friends. dont make me

When CEOs want more profits, they just do it the old fashion way, by firing employees.

Remove two points from a trident...
and it's just a dent

the universe is a joke being played on us

The Education system is confusing your children and teaching them to be gay

I need upvotes immediately

JavaScript sucks

Fortnite Is Addiction

Religion is a load of bullshit

Starbux is the best

Pewdiepie is gay

Star Trek is better than Star Wars

Bumblebee is the best Autobot and deserves everything good

Make me

The Wallendas will fall off the tightrope in Times Square

The sun just takes a break for 12 hours causing night time

Poor people DO NOT have nut, egg, soy, gluten or any other made up allergies...

NARUTO IS THE BEST ANIME EVER CREATED

Christianity is brainwashing people into legalistic mind control. You can't

SPEARS > SWORDS

I'm Black

There are no dragons in Game of Thrones

Thanos Population cut could've worked

Me preocupa que nuestros niños esten mas conectados al WIFI que a sus propias vidas... Pero a nadie le importa.

History is better than Science

Kids have nice toes

The difference between the Berlin wall and the American wall is the difference between a prison and an amusement park

Thanos' chin looks like the back of a yeezy

Good guy Greg is a Canadian

No is just Yesn't

eating our dead would save us from cow farts

Aircraft aircondioning systems are nothing more than fart recirculators...

I love pokemon go

Snakes are hairless, cold-blooded, egg-laying mammals

Ur mom gay

You've really helped my account grow over the past few months, thanks!

Humans are just an accident made by god making us all accidents

why?

The Waltons are a spineless, greedy family

America is the Florida of the developed world

Rainbow six seige is better that fortnite and apex

Traps are just transgender people who haven't made the complete transition

April fools was made for youtubers so that they can do a bunch of april fools videos and prank their viewers

Knightmare was THE best children's show of the 80s & 90s

1100101010010110010101100101110101

"AGE OF ULTRON" WAS THE LAST GOOD MARVEL MOVIE

rats can be considered large mice or small dogs.

I like the Death Note film's L.

2+2=5

the earth is flat

memes are boring and pointless

is T-series the best youtuder

Barr's summary has as much credibility as Trump's doctor's note

The mullet is an underated hairdo

You must contribute to Jeffrey's new "style" stream. What's your style ?

"The lion sleeps tonight" is just "to be continued" in disguise

IF U SEE THIS U GAY

THE PEOPLE THAT RUN IMGFLIP IS LIKE NASCAR RUNNING RESTRICTOR PLATE RACES, TRYING TO CONTROL IT ALL

9/11 WAS FAKE

OUR APOSTLE PAUL DID NOT CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS.

TRADER JOE’S IS FULL OF WHITE GIRLS WITH NO TASTE

HE SHOT THE DEPUTY

DON’T LET THE WORLD

PETA IS GAY

CONSERVATIVES ARE THE REAL SNOWFLAKES.

the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog

EP.1 IS THE BEST STAR WARS MOVIE

MEN LOVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN AND WOMEN LOVE RICH MEN

#METOO WAS STOLEN FROM JONAS RYAN

THE EARTH IS FLAT

YOU’RE AN IDIOT

I UPVOTE MY OWN MEMES

I HAVE VALID COMEBACKS

DEMBEARS2 IS A WIDDLE ANGRY TROLL

PINEAPPLE GOES ON PIZZA

NETORARE IS WORSE THEN NETORARE

Technology has surpassed mankind

I blame Joe for the reasons of Ligma and Updog

People are buying stuff in large crowds to avoid large crowds.

EVERY OPERATOR ROAMS

Vaccines are just making worse to the patience.

Hayden Jakobi is gay

I actually have people who look at my memes on img flip

change my mind to make good memes

Sairaj:i want to leave this group

COTA is the best transit company

The world is flat

jojo is a good show

7-UP is better flat

I need a brain transplant

Boats are just hard floaties

Smoking is just an excuse to swear at people

We're at the brink of extinction

making irrelevant memes early in your carrier hoping you will become popular is a good life choice

sign up for cub's fans transfering to Cardinals

nah! I giv u $1000!!!

Shrek and other cgi movie related memes are the worst

GOKU CAN BEAT SAITAMA

You are about to argue with me.

Only girls should use the term "OMG"

All of the Animal Crossing games are basically the same game

Birth is a curse ans life is a never ending prison

hotdogs are sandwiches

ROCK THE NIGHT

MY RAS 47 PERFORMS AS WELL AS YOUR ARSENAL

American Girl is the greatest American rock song of all time.

you are a muggle if you have not read the first harry potter book (and like it)

IF YOU COULD WIPE YOUR ASS
ON ROMIN NOODLES
WE WOULD NOT
HAVE A PROBLEM

My opinions sway too easily

Cows have brains twice the size of ours

efficiently on a pickaxe will just make it break faster

Minecraft is just sims but in first person and made out of blocks

Thanos could have rewinded time before all the heroes came and could try again.

fortnite is t-series and harambe combined

Chrono Trigger was a terrible game

Endgame didn't happen

people have two matters liquid and solid because we are 90 percent water

Memes made out of Trevor Henderson posts are both funny and making them not that scary. And they have meme potential.

I wish I was a Kardashian, so I could spread my legs and have cash fall out.

the problem of living with theorist is that everything gets spoiled for you

Radiation is just cancer flavoured air

st Patrick's day is the gayest holiday

The second song of every youtube play list is Gotye-Somebody That I used to Know

THE DCEU IS BETTER THEN THE MCU

FAST & FURIOUS BECAME SHIT AFTER THE 4TH MOVIE

Minecraft is good

I went outside once and it was too peopley out there. And boy let me tell you. No.

You will ran out of toilet paper

Smoke grenades are actually farts in metal canisters

youtube comments are memes

Matthew wilder has the coronavirus because he sailed to china to find someone that needed their laundry cleaned

shizuka is gold digger

Wicca is buddhism for emo

Elaphants are just fat double unicorns

MICHAEL AFTON IS NOT A ROBOT

I’m a Virgin

Butlers Bangalong is the same thing as
Bangalong with Butler

T-Series is just YouTube's way to try to get rid of PewDiePie. T-Series is just YouTube's way to try to get rid of PewDiePie.

You’re a meat slab with white sticks

YASSS!! WE ALL NEED INFINITY WAR

Obama never killed osama bin laden ,it was a lie to clear the books no pics , no video, no witnesses

Pee is stored in the balls

water is not wet

Yusuke is best girl

Anyone that uses olive oil as skin lotion smells like a Greek bistro

help me send help S.O.S

Toothpaste is just teeth soap

Ice Cube's Nickname is Frozen Water

COMBINER WARS WAS A BETTER TOY LINE THEN TITANS RETURN

Karen from "Frosty The Snowman" Makes Me Touch Myself Inappropriately.

Ice cream is just Russian cream.

I bet no one is going to raid area 51 on September 20th

looking for a wife

FIFA Mobile is better than normal FIFA

CHESS SHOULD BE AN OLYMPIC SPORT

I BLAME DIDIER

printing something on paper is giving that paper a tattoo

Raistlin Majere is a better character than Elminster Aumar

Pizza is just Italian toast

battle of the heroes is the best song in star wars

Teenage love is the best kind of love in TV series

You can't. Unless you're Michael possessing young John. Castiel is hot.

Little Big Planet is the most uplifting game ever

I am brain dead

You are Roundup intolerant wheat eater.

FOREIGN AID IS A SEXY TOPIC

Moto Moto

ULTRA INSTINCT IS WORTHLESS IN THIS BOUT

EPIC GAMES IS BASED IN CARY, NORTH CAROLINA

the people who mess with your amp settings are the worst people alive

It has been almost 2 years and no one has changed my mind. So...

IT’S GREAT TO BE FRIENDS WITH JEFF VANCE! #GETONTHEGEL

fortnite is better than minecraft

"Destroy The Machines" by Earth Crisis should be the Official Animal Rights soundtrack

MO:MO > PIZZA

Smarties is skittles cousin

when the stool im sitting on busts there is no rush greater than it

I’M NOT BLACK

LIFE

bagels are donuts with no sugar

school sucks

IF SOME CHICKEN SHIT TRAFFICKER FROM OUT OF STATE STARTS FOLLOWING ME OR MY FAMILY WITH INTENT TO HARM, THEY’LL BE LONG DEAD BEFORE THE POLICE ARE NOTIFIED

Schools should be shut down because of COVID-19

I'm dying inside

Your opinion sucks

FIREWORKS ARE BORING

MY DAD IS ALIVE

aquariums are just tiny submarines for fish

since t-series hit 100 mil first, we should actually kinda congratulate them, excuses aside.

dr. ecklebergs description is more creepy than most stephen king books

THIS IS SPARTAAA!

Come on down to Madison Early Colleges pool party for snacks and while your here please support us.

You can use memes to answer any question

Bethel Church is a Cult.

I am making a meme

This cup has to be empty by now.

Alexander Hamilton was the best president ever

Bigfoot is actually just an overweight baboon

Making domino chain/effect videos is a waste of time. Watching the is a waste of mine.

People tend to use this template wrong.

We angered the Gods with the good weather during quarantine memes

You won't give me $100.

you cant stand backwards on stairs

Dixie is hotter than Charli

if you go into a pool you take a bath

rap is just fast poetry

Fortnite is cancer

ALL SOFTWARE EVENTUALLY GETS "IMPROVED" TO DEATH

I THINK THAT THE SEVEN DEADLY SINS IS A TOP 5 ANIME TO WATCH

humans are the actual virus

My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns, hon.

Epstein killed himself

Imgflip is the greatest meme site

FURS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN

Dwaded MVP og

Water is wet

Bathrooms are sexist because they don’t allow both genders to enter one of them

2020 is leading to the end of the world.

Hard Seltzer Is Trash

Willow in Buffy the Vampire Slayer was a bisexual character

Only idiots try to change my mind!

this meme template is dead

Spongebob should be the meme of the decade.

ELK SHEDS ARE BETTER THAN DEER SHEDS

mumble rappers sound like a legion of angry but silent gremilins charging in a echoing cave

carona is awsome

STEVEN CROWDER IS AWESOME

The Midwest = 1980's Big 10

Theres only one gender

For some reason, i think upvotes are downvotes for me. I've Lost

WATER IS JUST EARTH JUICE

Scotish Tails is a great meme... No it isn't...

EL TENDER ES MEJOR QUE EL POLLO DE CHANO

I am a Florida man

The creators of half of our stuff gave us a new disease

Cat Girls are just girls with surgically added animal accessories

We need to see more guys wearing cute panties !!

help me or die. sponser now to:

king cake is just a bigger donut

You're not a gamer unless you've had a razer product.

Users who can't be bothered to upvote comments given on their memes are sacks of shit

Ho Ho Hah! I Keep My Christmas Decorations Up All Year Long Now.

BLACK COUNTRY CHIPS AREN’T ALL THAT

Animal Crossing New Horizons isn’t that great

sailormoon was a gateway drug for 90's kids for astrology

Coronavirus more like voronacirus

I look like the guy on the improvise, adapt, overcome, meme.

Restaurants closing dining in to save on toilet paper

Poop is stored in butt cheeks

THIS YEAR IS DIFFERENT AND I WILL STICK TO MY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION

NEW ENGLANDERS ARE JUST SNOW PEOPLE IN AMERICA

Dr TSAR

I can change gravity Not Your Mind

tater tots are just fat french fries

More memes should be made to raise awareness and suggest solutions to modern problems during this year.

PRE-NATAL COURTSHIP IS NOT A MYTH

Most Overrated Steel: s30V Most Underrated: D2

Kpop is good music

T-Gay is best

ALMOND JOY ARE MOUNDS ADOPTED BROTHER! JAT4264

300 Members Suck Each Other

Marriage sucks

Nothing really matters

72 Should mean Nutting

*consider thinking about my dead friend next to me*

Trump would’ve been a scooter kid

i like the smell of mafpoos farts

you need food

cornavirus is good for your health

Jason Garrett is Jerry Jones' love child.

I should keep making memes in my Information and Computer Technology class with my school account, I may get in trouble but it's worth it.

global warming isnt real

Water is addictive

My smug aura mocks you

Everywhere you look you see "COVID-19" on something

my mind is bad

the area 51 raid is a good idea

Skyward Sword Motion Controls are Shit

All Riddim DJs Secretly Have A Grindr

Boxed stuffing is better than homemade

You can’t read this

MILK IS CEREAL SAUCE

Keanu Reeves is the nicest man in Hollywood

Dc is stupid

a victimless crime isn’t a crime

Hotel Trivago

You Can Change My Mind

UK is invincible to coronavirus

an actual spider man would shoot webs out his ass

cereal is soup

I Want to go to Mac so bad

EMOJIS ARE JUST MODERN HIEROGLYPHICS

Imgflip is the best social media

The Ice Age Baby
should not have rights

Jennifer är världens bästa lärare

i think this is a decent meme

you only get views here

I need a bigger cup

CORNACCHIONE HAS MARINARA FOR BLOOD

Women should appreciate their thiccness instead of hating it

Garrett mustache is revolutionary

R/raimimemes is just r/hateonanyversionthatisnttobey

Karen took the kids

Sejarah WW2

styx is the greatest band in the world and they only got a bad rep because most critics are cynical assholes

Free Taking care of kids for 20£ no pedofile

Cory in the house is the best anime.

WICKED IS NOT OZ CANON

apex legends is a good game but Fortnite is better

Joe Dirt is David Spade's best character

If u beg for upvotes nobody likes u

Selina will always be Bruce’s soulmate, not Diana

Vietnam was a good idea

2019 lego is not as good as before

all my memes will never be good

ProJared is a cheating rat

Spider-man actually has Peter tingle, not spidey sense.

Hypochondriac's were right all along

for every 60 seconds in africa, a minute passes

TOMATO TOWN IS THE BEST PLACE ON THE MAP

alex is a adorable little human

If you dream you’re peeing then actually wet the bed, it’s technically a dream come true

i will quit making memes on imgflip.com

Men are dickheads

Aviators Have Faith is just crusading music

Avenger movies give away all the important events in their trailers

Most college students are 18-24-year-old mistakes who are just now wreaking consequences on their parents.

Mickey Mouse owns Deadpool

some introvert idiot made corona

That’s not the actual crown of thorns change my mind

I'm using this format to stall time to make a better meme

Howie Mandel is really just Gru in real life with a successful job.

I identify as a potato

garfield is an anime

Spaghetti's not a real dinner

If you Nut u killing ur kids

IT'S NOT FROM A TV SHOW, IT'S THE BOTTOM OF A SKATEBOARD

It's half full

This could have been Googled

There are no better uses of my time.

LETTUCE AND CABBAGE ARE THE SAME THING

I need a recap of the Spiderman multiverse

Aviation. Where wings take dreams. G.W.B. 43

erik jones should've won charlotte

i'm gonna ruin the april fools day

I am black

you are hot

Reading books is relaxing.

Donald Trump built the wall to keep used in(ww3)

inklings are the result of tentacle hentai

Rc cars are toys

If you lose a friend because of a relationship, they weren't a friend to begin with

I'm a responsible gun owner

Milk comes from a cow

The man bun memes stopped when all the hair places got shut down

HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER IS JUST 9 SEASONS OF THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY

No one will sit with me

The coronavirus is the world's vibe check

NASA has been acting Spacey

ALABAMA IS AFRAID TO PLAY JSU

Psp is better than psx and ps2 combined

the next time you go to the zoo, go to the turtle exhibit and drop some plastic straws in the pond

New Doom doesn't have what made old Doom so good...

FLAT EARTH SOCIETY

The DC GANG Raid on Doodle or Die is just Drawception Jazza Raid but It's Doodle or Die and Jazza is DC GANG

GEORGE CLOONEY WAS BETTER IN THE 90'S

Today 'MAR1O MILK' expires

LOKI IS STILL ALIVE

Eric Cartman grows up and becomes Roadhog

SEAN MORR IS A MORON

Either both potato chips and french fries are vegatables or neither of them are.

HIDE IS BEST BOY

School is where kids form gangs

my gender is green

Peanut butter is real butter with peanuts on it.

the arms of a chair are chairs for your arms

i don't have problems

dick is good

THE WORD "INHUMANE" IS USUALLY USED TO DESCRIBE HUMANS

this meme will not get over 40 upvotes

I will pay you $100.00 to change my mind.

I'M STEVEN CROWDER

RAP DEVIL IS THE GREATEST DISS TRACK SINCE ETHER

AN INFANT BOY HAS A BIGGER SET OF BALLS THAN KAWHI LEONARD,

Goats are just Vegan Dogs

THIS SUCKS MAN! You can't change my mind to eliminate the coronavirus. - Area 51 Scientists

You are reading this

I was born at a very young age.

1+1 is just
2 in a long way

the reason Fortnite is such a big hit is because of the music and dances used for memes.

A ‘trial separation’ just means that you want to sleep with that bloke from the gym

pokemon is basically capturing animals and forcing them to fight

Thanos Is Harbinger

Christmas is a Hallmark holiday

People who can not handle the truth are simple minded

new drama on tv " the Code " more bullshet from Hollywood

Sonic X is an isekai anime

you only need one bucket of milk to make a cake in minecraft

‪MIJA IS THE QUEEN OF TRANSITIONS‬

White women are the freakiest

The Cowboys suck!

Video games cure deppresion

I need to change my mind so please, Thx

Weebs know more Japanese than our democratic leaders

People with iPhone X's are poor

Brain transplants

person infront of me is an idoit

Lispy just made me more popular.

Austin jones is not gonna drop the soap in jail

Lord explosion murder is the best hero name

LoL is trash

Play-doh is just extra salty yeast

life is something

12 year olds love cussing

You're love won't impress me🤠

Trollface Quest sucks!

Not doing Guild fest

I think that someone is storing all of the upvotes

“Jessica” is the greatest rock instrumental of all time.

FOURTH OF JULY IS ON JULY 4TH

Leah has a bigger dick than Tom.

I have to pee

Anybody who ships a bully with their victim is a pathetic excuse for a human being

Lava is just fire water

RACIAL PROFILING DOESN'T HAPPENS IN VARIOUS PLACES

People need to eat more than once a day

i might change my mind working here

The Undertaker is the G.O.A.T!

having a two hour lunch

LS Engines Rule

2000-2009 was the best decade of college football.

READY PLAYER ONE IS JUST A MODERNIZED WILLY WONKA & THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY

gay people like males

"Family Size" is basically "Original Size" from 10 years ago.

I say we postpone all birthdays until this is over and then lose our minds all in one epic night

i ran out of meme ideas

T-SERIES IS BETTER THAN PEWDIEPIE

BandAids are curing me

batman is a furry that fights crime

Only Soviet Can

you cant

James Charles is a girl

LIES OF ASTAROTH IS BETTER THAN HEROINES FANTASY

Batman is an autistic kid in a Halloween costume

ash is just dark mode snow

Hotel? Trivago

You can’t change my mind

IF YOU CAN’T DO STATISTICAL ANALYSIS I DON’T CARE WHAT YOU’RE AFRAID OF

THE WALL IS A DECENT IDEA

Coronavirus is just the plague for baby boomers

TAYLOR SWIFT IS SUPER HOT

I want to do drugs.

No one can change my mind

The Shaggs' PHILOSOPHY OF THE WORLD is the Greatest Album Ever Recorded!

2012 Panthro is a reincarnation of B.A. Baracus

Anything can be funny so long as you don't take jokes seriously

Coronavirus is 19 so it can't legally touch you. You can't

Aku from samurai jack needs a solo cartoon

water is just liquid gas

Google's search engine is the weirdest thing to ever exist

i am a normal person

STOP THIS MEME

Chocolate milk comes from brown cows

Didn’t bother. Try me

If you drink half a bottle, its half empty not half full

Tomorrow is coming but will never arrive

Ppl Say Creeper Aw Man But not Creeper Whats Up Man

Pregnancy is harder than the newborn stage.

My birthday shouldn't exist to anyone

Scout leaders only have scouts so de leaders get cash

If you are building a bridge, what’s the point of building a temporary bridge if you could just keep that one.

dog in box

DRACO MALFOY IS THE BEST HARRY POTTER CHARACTER

Meow

People are really stupid

SHOULD I GRADUATE COLLEGE AFTER 7 YEARS ?

(DIS) is the world worst ticker symbol

ALADDIN IS PERFECT

HALF-GENIE HERO IS BETTER THAN PIRATE’S CURSE

Stupid people should shut the f#ck up

the juul ceo stepped down, the new ceo is a 14 year old douchebag

SOCIAL MEDIA IS THE NEW GAME CHANGER... JUST LIKE DYNAMITE

Happy Frog from Fnaf: Pizzeria Sim. Is Kermit the Frog

Old People Have Less Time on Earth.They Should Drive Faster?

cardi b stands for cardiovascular branchitis because her music is a disease

FAIRY FLOSS IS MADE OUT OF CRYSTAL METH

It's hard to let go of old memes

Iron Lung is just Fugazi for people who like power violence.

Brie Larson is better than Keanu reeves

Pepsi< coke

5x5 only leads to plateaus

i think germany didnt start ww2

Me live on earth

I don't like Anime

Fortninte is only good because of winter fest

HOWARD THE ALIEN > DAME TU CASITA

The hardest part of breaking up with a sociopath is getting them to think they broke up with you

A meme war would probably break the internet

post on my stream

If vegans eat meat-like food then non-vegans should eat veggiee-like food.

Earth is flat

We are going to commit Jedi Purge on EA

HELP ME.. The last words his dog said was "is this food?" He then ignored the dog. Donate ten dollars to help this jerk. HIS

Ontario is the California of Canada

dont try to

Weed is happy grass

Umyessir likes boys

jacksepticeyes content is dead

i dont want to go to school

LoveLiveServe is the most underrated youtube channel.

BEST IPS FOR HHN NEXT YEAR...TREEHOUSE OF HORRORS, WEEPING ANGELS (WITH LIGHTS OUT PORTIONS) & A QUIET PLACE (WITH LIMITED TO NO SOUND)

KIMBERLY SHANK NEEDS TO BACK OFF MY HOMEGIRLS MAN

Kermitting suicide is an unforgivable sin for muppets

Bees build homes with their mouths and Defend with their butts spiders build homes with their butts and Defend with their mouths

the ferrari roma looks like an aston martin vanquish

I don’t want my mind changed.

El "se" en el castellano es índice de un paradigma de voz media

The GoBots were better than the Transformers.

Ed is the real star of Cowboy Bebop

These last 10.5 school days for me will be literal hell in terms of workload. Please

No U

Water is Sour!

WOMEN BELONG IN THE KITCHEN

JOHN WALL IS NOT A CHAMPIONSHIP TYPE PG

Lol is actually code for lots of love

Bingo is a purely luck-based game

Rem is the best girl in Re:Zero

MOST OF THE WEAPONS AND MILITARY EQUIPMENT THE US MILITARY HAS WILL BE USED. AGAINST. US CITIZENS IN THE FUTURE

I do not need a therapist

PewDiePie started the trend of licking ice cream and putting it back

Youtubers use april fools day as an excuse to clickbait

Gwee gym is the best piece of workout equipment

TAKE CARE IS A CLASSIC ALBUM

You can't have half holes or partial holes because all holes are whole holes

assisted suicide is just murder with permission

Roblox is at best an inferior prototype to minecraft.

ketchup is a smoothie

You're gay

Halloween is it's own season!
Dont try to

FARTS ARE FUNNY

People who beg for upvotes should get banned

You didn't incarnate here to generate fear.

PC players are just rich console gamers

loli is illegal

YouTube is going to end in January 2020

Cats are the true gods

Gears of War3 was the best Gears

Infants are children too!

I look like a mixture of Marc Summers and Tom Hanks

people are just fleshy robots

There is nothing to care about in the TRoS.

I'd rather live in America than any other country!

English tastes good

End of DBZ goku has the edge vs end of shippuden naruto

hi mum

Michael Cera is just a dorkier version of Keanu Reeves

TEACHER BASHING IS WHAT DICKHEADS DO

MGK’S DISS TRACK ON EMINEM WAS WEAK

Why is Friday so close to Monday but Monday is so far from Friday? Answer my question

ICE, and anyone who supports them are all monsters and deserve to be decked!

REALITY IS AN ILLUSION AND WE SHOULD BUY GOLD

Little kids nowadays are spoiled

Cardi B is still trash

Alabama is the best

Die = Born

Morgan Freeman is in all the best Movies

Cashew are better than peanuts

Wedding bands are just a scam perpetuated by the Big Jewelry Lobbies

Girl Scouts are also Green Berets

Its not gay if you dont remember

Sianni is the most beautiful woman in the world

"Guren no Yumiya" is overhyped

tomatoes are amphibians

Trees are made of wood, if you chop down the wood, you get timber. You can sell timber.
MONEY DOES GROW ON TREES

Minecraft is not making a comeback

Gatorade is Pedialyte for adults

Today and yesterday are just like tomorrow don't wait for today wait for tomorrow.

ebay is garagesale.com

CAFFEINE IS A CRIME

This is just the lisa simpson meme but better

KIGO is pedophilia and grooming

TRF's are useless

Anti vaxers are trying to kill their kids

You’re not getting screen time until your room is tidy

Minecraft isn't anime

Recovery is possible! www.birchtree.org

PEOPLE WITH GRADES ARE SHIT

when a car moves in reverse, it is still making progress

I'm drinking coffee

life is meaningless

True is simply positively false.

The lack of sports is the worst part of Coronavirus

I can't change my mind that change mind that changes my mind that can change our minds which can change the universe's mind and god’s mind

"SCIENTISM" IS ONLY USED BY THEISTS AGAINST RATIONALISTS WHO DEMAND EVIDENCE BEFORE THEY ACCEPT BELIEFS

You gay

Bagel Bites are not mini pizza's

Thundercracker is better than Starscream

Folded potato chips are the best chips

Allister is just Shuichi in a shy guy mask

You looked over here because of the table with a poster taped to it. Not because I look like a nice guy who you could use the time to talk to

Mrs. Bobel is the best math teacher!

I won't get very many upvotes on this meme

1 hour of Jiu Jitsu is better than a 10 hour day at work.

KING CHEF'S CRAB RANGOON IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD!!!

imgflip was made by aliens

Yeah tping as a kid was fun imagine doing it as an adult the shelves will flood again and your trees wil dangle with ultra soft

TEE SHOTS ARE EXPONENTIALLY MORE ERRATIC WHEN A GROUP LETS YOU PLAY THROUGH

gaydar is just judging
people's haircuts

GOING WITH THE LOWEST JANITORIAL BID WILL COST YOU MORE MONEY IN THE LONG RUN.

WHAT I WROTE DOWN IS UPSIDE DOWN

Oh, she killed her husband.

Zero two is best girl

The Lenny Face is just someone's edited facial features.

Omelettes are just egg quesadillas

Tom will never catch Jerry

IM GAY

pasta is soft dough with sauce

TAKE OFFS = STOLEN VALOR

The Scout Elite is for pussies who cant hit their shots right

someone will actually change my mind

Marrige is the number 1 cause of divorse

Breathing is outdated

Then who is Lazarbeam? The Earth is Flat, Aussies are Fake!!

Most of this site is toilet paper memes

otter pops are just popsicles stuffed into empty gogurt wrappers

Soft dudes wear fanny packs

i will eat this desk in one sitting

Bing Crosby and David Bowie sing the greatest Christmas song of all time.

Simple minds need simple messages in a simple world.

I think it's great that Elizabeth Warren is the first native American transgender presidential candidate

One day Scott Cawhon is going to rule the world

STEWIE HAS GONE SOFT

This meme format is dead

gov. you start WW3

Guys, is there a point to this? Or is this gonna...

Apple Music is better than Spotify

if you play choices, you've got some serious problems

memes are an art form

American football is just rugby for wussies

The cure for the coronavirus exists but it is hidden by the world government.

Dove Cameron and Ryan McCartan did a better version of "Cool for the Summer" than Demi Lovato

Canada, Mexico and USA will adopt the Geneva Signing standard and stop idiot-proofing the highways

Lil’ Nas X is just a mumble rapper with a gimmick.

When you realize bad dreams are good ones because whatever happened isn’t real and good dreams are bad ones because whatever happened isn’t reality.

T bagging in games makes u feel noice and toxic, but T bagging in real-life T bagging is just uncoordinated squats

Unsolved Mysteries sucks without Robert Stack

I like apex

DRM are harmful for video games

Salt is unsweetened sugar

this meme died as soon as it was made

Mr. Peanut was only revived to combat the baby yoda memes. This is true

Hatsune Miku is a robot

Mrs.Counts can't teach

one ply toilet paper is more than up to the job

There is lots of excess Carbon Dioxide on Earth. Solution: Stop breathing out Carbon Dioxide. Stop breathing.

ROBERT E LEE WAS A DEMOCRAT

TURKEY BACON IS NOT REAL BACON

GEN 7 POKEMON WILL NOT BE FIGHTERS IN SMASH ULTIMATE

Everyone is weird in some way or another

ill make you a baby for $2

MARIO AND ZELDA CO-INHABIT THE SAME UNIVERSE, AND GOOMBAS ARE SPACE TRAVELING ALIENS.

You let me make this sign

You can’t read my mug from this distance

The 20/20 vision is the third eye that only a spectre has as spectres are perfect humans.

LAWYERS SHOULD WEAR BERMUDAS

You can never have enough memes

James Marsden was a better casting decision than Hugh Jackman as Wolverine

CREATIONS > SUBMISSIONS

Tfue is homeless because Ninja killed him

when you're not breathing it is just breath'nt

LUCA BRASI 3 IS BETTER THAN THE CARTER 5

Boruto SUCKS!

Wicca is buddhism for darks

personal info of your life I might keep a secret

News is just the plural of new

Donuts are just sweet bagels

Imgflip is reddit if you could only post memes

Nut milk is vegans wanting to be cool b/c its really nut juice

everyone that goes to area 51 will die

Grunt Style, Nine Line, etc., are the military/vet equivalent of Ed Hardy/Affliction.

Can't trust freedom when it's not in your hands

Doves choclate tastes better than there soap

El invierno es el mejor momento para hacer ejercicio

what? You have good imagination

U HAVE THE BIG GAY

LIVE ACTION ADAPTIONS SUCK PERIOD

FORTNITE IS CRINGE

J.K. Rowling is now a bonkers woke fool!

lolis are pretty

anime is shit

They deserve it. They didn't give him his pizza. Nobody gave me my pizza so I'm going to stay here with my max volume music all day.
Your welcome!☺

Little old men with hats are the worst drivers on the planet

Pollock became a royal douche

Snow is just Wannabe Cocaine.

The word "wholesome" is the new "epic."

dr pepper is just fizzy black coffee

if this meme gets over 50 upvotes I won't do shit because im, not an upvote beggar

I'M HAVING WAFFLES FOR BREAKFAST

My pp itches

a saxophone is just a thicc clarinet

A Snuggie is simply a robe you wear backwards

Prequel memes and demotivationals are lost pieces of arts that still exist in imgflip.

Zongas

I’ll pass nnn

Windows Gaming VM [With PCI-Passthrough]

TIBURON’S ARE CHICK CARS

Austrailia is fake

Toasters are just timers that are toasty

DEAR LEADER IS BEST LEADER

THE NATIONAL GUARD IS THE BEST BRANCH OF THE MILITARY

youre amazing

Stupid people hate being wrong!

Don't change my mind

The Mandolorian should be called the Baby Yoda Show

Humanity is too complex to be allowed to lean on something so fragile and flimsy as love.

There’s no such thing as coping skills there’s only survival instinct

Im gonna be a fire truck

poor night show

TI having his daughter's hymen checked is weird af

GORILLA WARFARE IS MORE INTERESTING THAN GUERRILLA WARFARE

A new decade passes every second because there was always a "ten years ago"

2018 IS WORSE THAN 2016

toilet paper is denser softer snow

the 2010's had too many sequels

Grandayy + ReptileLegit is the best duo

Profoundly is just Sarahah v2.0

Meme generator is just copied memes from the internet

I PLAY PONG INSTEAD OF FORTNITE

Toilet paper won’t stop you from getting Corona

The coronavirus is the kung-flu

Howard the Alien came from Area 51

There is no such thing as inclusivity.

SPHINX AND THE CURSED MUMMY WOULD BE A GREAT GAME TO REMAKE FOR PS4

Uhh Life! Fools

i will have to live on the streets because of fire

Acura is better than BMW

Birthdays are just celebrating another year of your exsistence

Staring at this makes it easier to read

IBC IS STUPID, CLAIRE

Freedom! '90 by George Michael is the best song ever recorded

I think people are boring

This meme isn't dead yet

The Great White Fleet was cooler than any Italian fleet ever!!

SVB IS THE GOAT

Water is not wet

Apex is Better than Fortnite

The real hero of Hamilton: An American Musical was never really Alexander but Eliza.

Micro-machines are just cars for ants

Bovada packs don't do a damn thing if you're opening the jar all day....

This meme is hard to do well

Spaghetti is just consolidated urine

WENDY WILLIAMS IS A MAN

your nudes wont impress me

You're breathtaking

HENTAI

all vsco girls get discriminated

G BUGLES WEREN'T LOUDER

I THROW UNUSED MILK AWAY ONCE IT IS 7 DAYS PAST ITS EXPIRATION DATE

Raiding Area 51 Is A Bad Idea

I'm not going to change my mind

The coronavirus is the boomer remover

with great power comes a lot of hoes

Five Frogs Burgers and flies

Everyone talking about BOOGALOO, is full of shit and won't do a damn thing about tyrants.

I’m wrong

Dinosaurs are actually mutated lizards

Trams are just short trains

It's the world vs. Coronavirus

Sonic Forces >Sonic Mania

You can call me papa

if pinnochio told people that his nose grew longer when he told the truth, his nose would grow longer and people would then believe him which would allowed him to then lie about anything

Sazerac > Old Fashioned

CHAINS OF LOVE IS THE BEST SONG TO DANCE TO WHEN YOU WANT TO CRAP ON COPYRIGHT LAWS

big chungus is
a real game

ATHEIST

Trump is an umpaloompa

BILL DONAHUE IS A POS

IMPACT FONT MAKES A MEME NOT DANK ANYMORE

Bethesda games are overrated

I just changed my mind

The Sonic the Hedgehog movie trailer looks good

Saying Oreos are the superior race of cookies doesn't mean your cookie racist

I'm Gay

CHRIS MOIONLESS HAS THE BEST “BLEGH” IN METALCORE

celebrities are only "coming out" as gay these days because it's cool

MY LIFE IS A LIE

justin trudeau is doing a great job

"UwU" means "unhappy without u"

I MAKING $7.00/HR TO SIT HERE AND LOOK PRETTY

Windows 10 is better than windows 7

wear goggles

DOWN SYNDROME IS BEAUTIFUL

Ballpens are just the upgraded versions of pencils that can't be erased

NYMPHOMANICS ARE A MYTH

SOCIALIZING AMENITIES WOULD PAY FOR UNIVERSAL HEALTHCARE

dinosaur chiken nuget gud

The worst AC/DC song ever is infinitely better than the best KISS song ever. Please do not attempt to

ALL VERBS ARE NOUNS

"ICED TEA" IS NOT SWEET

ur granny tranny

Ur mom gay

Cinnamon is the best spice... GTurbo Memes

Thinking that god created the universe

New years Resolutions
Are Just things you say your going to do But you wind up doing the opposite

Pepsi Max Lime er besti gosdrykkurinn

Marvel is better than DC!!!!

Thomas Jane's Punisher was and still is the best

by a comp[:uter

Toaster ovens are just EasyBake ovens for grownups

fortnite caused 9/11

Yakko Started COVID-19

Lemonade is sour

This year is the only year that have a parabellium day which is the second of february.

If we remove all human knowledge everyone’s IQ would be 100

Dr. Phil is an Anime

Fornite Is A Hackercon

KOMBUCHA IS JUST DISTILLED DUMPSTER WATER

NICOLE BASS WAS FEMALE

Alastor should be Charlie's new dad

just why now? why the virus? why china?

there will be no cure for coronavirus

Disagreement with shelter in place orders is the new racism

XXXTENTACION IS A PIECE OF SHIT

on your first birthday, you were dead so it was your "I'M ALIVE" day

Hating men isn't funny or quirky-it's sexist.

Boomer is crazy

Rick and Morty peaked in Season 1

Watermelon is just crunchy juice

The only hardtail worth buying is a Dirt Jumper

Politics are Meme Fuel

"White claw" is Zima rebranded

This coffee is cold

There is no such thing as over analyzing

Trebuchet MS is the new standard font style for all memes

The number of people who laugh at this meme will be about... seven

The only soldiers who don’t care about Airborne, are those who aren’t Airborne. CHANGE MY MIND

i ambetter than crossaints

I HAVE NO JOB

CHRISTIANS CLICK THE LAUGH EMOJI WHEN THEY DISAGREE, EVEN WHEN THEY HAVE VERY LITTLE CLUE WHAT THEY'RE DISAGREEING WITH.

milk is filtered blood so a baby Drinks your blood

YOU SUCK AT MEMES

Lo único bueno que ha hecho Lenín son los feriados

IF YOU DECIDE TO HAVE A SIXTY MPH DRAG RACE ON THE HIGHWAY, YOU’RE BOTH GETTING FLIPPED OFF

AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL IS BETTER THAN THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER

Thanos should have snapped twice

UNDERTAKER VS. MANKIND FROM KING OF THE RING 1998 WAS A GLORIFIED, SLOPPY, NO-SELLING, NO PSYCHOLOGY, OVERRATED SPECTACLE.

Minecraft is just like fortnite

BUMBLE IS A PLATFORM FOR MEDIOCRE LOOKING WOMEN TO GARNER VALIDATION FROM DESPERATE LOSERS IN PURSUIT OF IMPULSIVE GRATIFICATION.

Dreams are just people's screen savers

im making memes

Don’t have kids

THE REAL RELIGION OF PEACE IS PASTAFARIANISM...PRAISE THE FLYING SPAGHETTI MONSTER...R'AMEN

there is no aliens

I am a fan of Extra Credit

There is 1 gender

Potatoes are the turtles of the vegetable world.

JUMP FORCE ISN'T COMPLETE WITHOUT NATSU DRAGNEEL AND MELIODAS

Aizawa is the anime version of a Minecraft Enderman

make me

I gay

newsmax is just pbs for conservatives

Real flamingos aren’t real. They’re all just plastic

CRJ1 is a pain

T-SERIES IS BETTER THAN PEWDIEPIE

the carona virus won't last long... because... it's made in China

UMBRIDGE IS WORSE THAN VOLDEMORT

Roleplaying as yourself is not roleplaying

ant man should have expanded in thanos' ass to defeat him

The Corona Virus was made as a practical joke to make hand sanitizer companys more money until it started killing people

I don’t care

AD BLOCK IS GOOD

Two drivers just means these IEMs are twice as good.

Memes should be called HAR HAR pictures

if you have more birthdays then you will live longer

Marvel Should Use Herobrine To defeat Thanos

Earth Wind and Fire is not a real stand

imgflip needs a mobile app

hero bad

This meme is getting old

Recycling helps everyone, BUT also hurts no one

Hoe's gonna be HOE'S

This steaming urine is nutritious

Australians are just British people that haven't gone far enough into the skill tree yet

your

ANIME IS A PLOY BY THE NEW WORLD ORDER TO ENSLAVE HUMANTY

It's the Chinease Virus not Corona Virus

IG FILTERS IS
GAY

The httyd books are
way better than the movies

a gold pick is the best

NO ONE IS "SENSITIVE TO CARBS"

There are no little P's...only loose V's

Burning cockroaches is how to kill them for sure. Don't

when you think about the corona beer you will never think about it the same

Zeus Best

RICHARD'S NEWS ONLINE

Raiding Area 51 with thousands of people wearing body armor is a good idea.

mustard gas is just spicy gas

FORTNITE IS CANCEROUS AS HELL!

Teddy bears are just the soul of Ted Bundy, Teddy Bundy bears

Mumble Rappers started the Coronavirus.

Blink 182 without Tom DeLong is just +44

WE"ll all be dead soon.

Bret Hart getting tackled was the best part of Wrestlemania

The Earth is flat

there is no free coins and it is all a scam by big reddit to get you to upvote anything

HARRY POTTER IS JUST NARUTO

Only do drugs if there free

6 Point Sockets ARE POINTLESS

tacos are just mexican hot dogs

NURSE RATCHED DID NOTHING WRONG

james charles is gay

nobody is going to the area 51 raid

i will always be a morning talk-show host sitting right here

Ewan mcgregor should get his own Star Wars show where he is the only character

Best Crossover is COIE

Free Vaccinations

The Covid-19 response by the public is why the government does not admit to UFOs...

GHOSTING PEOPLE YOU KNOW SUFFER FROM ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION IS A DICK MOVE!

chicks with fake eyelashes just have them to make other girls jealous

Cereal is breakfast soup

People are stupid

ALL OF THE HEDGEHOGS IN THE SONIC SERIES ARE OVERRATED

arresting someone is just legal kidnapping

You're trying to change my mind

This coffee tastes like shit

VAC IS WACK

Fish is just meat without feet

CYNICISM WITH DARK & INAPPROPRIATE HUMOR ARE TRUE INDICATORS OF INTELLIGENCE AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF REALITY'S VOLATILITY.

2014 was the last year of great music

Trump is just a uglier Sebastian Bails

christmas sucks

PILLAR MEN CONFIRMED! Jojo's Bizarre Adventure was caused by a genius caveman who wanted to be friend with the sun.

Walter Peck was just doing his job.

Encourage another million millenials to storm area 51

change my mind

Do it

AI IS THE LOGICAL CULMINATION OF THE HUMAN RACE.

working in pj is better

Billie Eilish is just Hot Topic Daenerys Targaryen

DIMENSIONAL TRAVEL IS ABOUT SIZE NOT LOCATION

Homemade cornbread and condensed tomato soup taste better mixed with water instead of milk

Thunder Bay has the WORST streets to drive on in Canada

toilet paper is napkins for your butt

General knowledge is about kindness (and games).

Jen Ledger is first rank among God's female creations.

Windows is better than Mac

Frogs are shell-less turtles.

Coronavirus/COVID-19 should be called “The Boomer Remover”

JOHNNY CASH WAS THE ORIGINAL GOTH

you can't change my mind

WARHAMMER 30K & 40K > STAR WARS

Vintage Star Wars toys are better than modern ones.

Communism will help Africa because they can share food and water

If this meme gets 1 upvote I wont quit cause im not a begger

Gundam is awesome

Siri is just a voice interface to AskJeeves.com

water is just ice juice

INTERLEAGUE PLAY IS THE BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN TO BASEBALL

Iron Man 3 is basically The Incredibles

WILD TURKEY 101 IS BETTER THAN EAGLE RARE

Claude Giroux for Hart

I Wanna Be A Furry

the metric system is better than the usa's system

An anime Tinder should be made to find the perfect 2D waifu you need

Men spend 9 months trying to get out and the rest of their lives trying to get back in

The Dems hate Trump because he did it backwards. He came to Washington rich. How backwards is that? .

MADDEN 19 IS TRASH

baseball fans, little boys that never grew up

Fresh back from a 30 day ban...I should never write fb and tell them "trannys" to chill out when they explain community standards to me again.

If you're not getting poon, you're a soft ass dude

Murderers can’t kill you if you’re watching Netflix and Chill

Pembuat meme adalah seorang seniman

I'M NOT HERE

THE EMOJI MOVIE IS A GOOD FILM

I think Dear Evan Hansen isn't depressing...

George Lazenby is the best James Bond

bleach is a drug

RETURN OF THE JEDI IS A POORLY EXECUTED RIP-OFF OF FLASH GORDON.

MY MEMES SUCK

IT'S A SCAM DON'T LISTEN!! VERY INTERESTING

Graffiti is the most beautiful form of calligraphy

If you set a microwave for 90 seconds it'll go for 90, but if you set it at 100, it'll only go for 60

Takis are the same as dynamites

There will never be a tomorrow because by the time its tomorrow it will be today

Hate is not anger

Emile Hirsch looks like a skinny Jack Black

Should we never stop bullying TsunWatcher? Try to

Obesity is normal

When we use 100% of our brains we can make memes that never die

Mantus is the best anchor.

Pears are just women apples

Jami Gertz looks like Gwen Stefani

my dog eats trash just to make me mad

My Friend is Gone

J. K. Rowling has gone mad

Tony and Bucky are the best couple

Vaccination is a form of acupuncture

life is a game
if you get banned your dead

Antarctica can not be infected by any disease

Not giving a shit sets you free

The Last Jedi is an incredible masterpiece

Animal is just a word

i like calliou

Chihuahuas are just midget wolf's with less hair

Red lobster plays shitty music

Facebook groups are just Yahoo chat rooms

Blunts are better than joints

if you don't have asthma, you're allergic to peanuts

black holes cant be orange so we saw an orange hole.

Jawas are the crackheads of the Star Wars universe

Comments on old youtube videos are pretty much always: "see you in 5 years when this gets reccomended again."

I want to go TP someone's house.

i'm the new Ben Shapiro

Rise of Skywalker is good.

The Date is better than The Trip of Insanity. The Trip of Insanity is better you idiot

call of duty is based on when you lose your mom at Walmart.

The memes begging for upvotes and promising to upvote back are just ponzi schemes

Love is just a fine line between hate

No one knows completely that talking to yourself can be sane or insane

walking is just losing your balance and falling on the other leg

Wayne might be the toughest in Letterkenny, but Squirrely Dan is the most woke.

people say nothing is impossible, but i do nothing every day. *waste your money on trying to*

ALL TOPPERS ARE NOT TEACHERS AND ALL TEACHERS ARE NOT TOPPERS

everyone was flying like this was minecraft creative before isaac newton

ATLAS IS COMING ON THE 21ST

My cup is filled with the blood of my enemies. The taste is sweet upon my lips. Memories of their agonizing groans are sweet music inside my head. Dare not challenge me, for my thirst is unquenchable.

Go ahead, replace my brain with an alien brain.

Ruby is summer Rose

LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT IS REAL

Fortnite is dead

Goggles are scuba-glasses.

I SHOULD BE ABLE TO GET HIRED AT VICTORIA SECRET

ÔwÔ > OwO

caillou was made is canada but he is american.

Me being a dork...daily. ANIME IS AMAZING!

The big booty fad is just an excuse to brag about dating fat chicks

Boba Fett is dead

The best way to prove someone's mettle in a relationship is to hand them your metaphorical heart

caustic mains are superior

sausages are just a hotdogs cousin

imgflip meme generator is the best meme

My dad was a military test subject. Because of my talents, I too was sent to training facilities from age 6, where I regularly met extraterrestrials.

THANOS HAS THE RIGHT IDEA

You only get chickenpox once, so if you die once, you will never die again.

We are now in a depression

Jimmy Kimmel, one of Adam's worst guests.

Cereal is human kibble

LGTM

Scott Adams identifies more with Wally than Dilbert

You cant have a middle finger without a thumb

spoons are little bowls on sticks

This meme will not get 10 upvotes

Steven Furtick is a hipster Joel Osteen

I will not disable security controls if you have not done proper troubleshooting already.

T-SERIES NEVER DID ANYTHING WRONG

central banks are dead unless they start bailing out the consumer directly

2 pregnant women fighting is just a mecha battle

Drawn together was way better than any reality tv show

Larry Fitzgerald is the G.O.A.T.

Old Mack... should be shunned even on Christmas

If you eat before you go to bed , you'll wake up starving

farts are air poops

(that one person the doesn't believe in the paranormal:)

Sara Wheeler Is the Best Boss Ever!

Shorts and a jacket on a cold day is just stupid

Doomfist is just a reskinned thanos

My mom is thrifty

crabulon is the perfect one

I look like I've been run over multiple times

Jeopardy asks tough answers

Herpes is the adult version of coodies

Backgammon is just Sorry for adults

Minecraft

THE SINGLE BEST YEAR FOR POPULAR MUSIC WAS 1994.

I LIKE MIGHTY NO. 9

TAU IS TWO TIMES BETTER THAN PI

There are only 4 strings in a bass

Past from of do is dude

A pipe organ is the hardest instrument to tune.

the end of the world is the best show on the way

Can you believe it’s butter? Is it butter? What is the theoretical meaning of butter in our lives? YES. I GOT THIS MEME FROM RIP OFF BRANDS. YES. WELCOME TO MY STRANGE MIND.

randikhana banna chahiye tha

I Think I'm Gonna Jump

COPAY IS JUST A KICK BACK TO HEALTH PROVIDER AND YOU PAY IT

Hidan is still alive

BTBAM is Opeth for scene kids

get 1 million subs

AISG's curriculum is shit

Moose are just horses

Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) can be simple and easy to use.

Your entire life you try to get more people to your funeral

The dab is dead

NUDGEE SPIRIT IS BETTER THAN EVERYBODY ELSE

pubg should be allowed in schools

Big ass and small tits is better than small ass and big tits

Don't change your mind.

How do you preheat an oven,you don`t heat before you heat it.How! Life is huge lie

depression is bad

guns are just mini catapults

Daisy Buchanan is just the worst

THIS IS NOT A QUESTION

this meme is just a diffrent more accepting type of karen

Planets are just space islands

you never see an aardvark because they hate the name we gave them

Until science can explain all things, there will always be room for religion.

FALLOUT 4 HAS THE BEST POWER ARMOR IN THE SERIES

I ALREADY SOCIAL DISTANCE EVERYDAY SO I'M IMMUNE FROM THE CORONAVIRUS

There's absolutely no point to censorship, whether you're 2 or 17, all it does is separate families and take the spirit out of literally everything

Soft dudes get butthurt

Yi Long is not a real monk

Don't change mind.

COMMUNISM KILLED 90 GORILLIAN PEOPLE

Or is it that men don't? Women belong in the kitchen.

they are called as movies, coz they move you

On April 1st, we should all type “bing” into google to make it the most searched word

Dan Plautz Is Awesome

Mint is cold spicy

Anyone with bigger arms than me is not natty

cat noir is better and ladybug is overated

Staring at this will make you more likely to upvote

Stuart didn't change his shirt

This meme format is just Unpopular Opinion Puffin all over again

I need to get a brain transplant!

YOU'RE NOT GAY

THE MONTRÉAL METRO ROLLING STOCK IS MADE UP OF GIANT BUSES

BASEBALL IS THE GOLF OF SPORTS

FREE COLLEGE TUITION WILL NEVER WORK

Hazbin hotel is the best thing on YouTube and every one wants part 2

Adults are just old kids

The Mind Stone is the true antagonist if the MCU.

Dry champagne is not dry because it is a liquid

Sundays are just backwards Fridays

YOU CAN'T LEAVE THE PLANET WITH YOUR BODY. THE STARS ARE THE PEARLY GATES

The sun is a planet

Water is just liquid air

HIV is just hepatitis 4

PEARL IS WAIFU

I'm drinking coffee

YOUR MOM GAY

cannabis oil is the decaf of psychotropics

FOUR DIGIT LOCALS ARE THE SAME AS VOLUNTEER DEPTS

if Jesus can walk on water can he swim on land

Actresses > singers

ANTI-HATE SPEECH LAWS IS GEORGE ORWELL'S 1984 ON TRAINING WHEELS

Darwinism is like the common core math of creation.

ICE

The Earth Is Flat

People losing their jobs to COVID-19 is worse than getting it

Fortnite is great again so now the squeakers will stay away from minecraft.

COMMUNIST IS IDEA OF A GERMAN GUY

If a church burns downs they have free ashes for next ash wensday

Rainbow Connection is deep.

Amputating Mike Wazowskis legs is the same as beheading him

FitBits are cheap Apple Watches.

The whole team of Watford should get a record breaker card

CUMBERLAND FARMS COFFEE IS BETTER THAN STARBUCKS

The Witcher Is just the millennial version of Kevin Sorbo’s Hercules

dollyinho is your friend

change my mind

Dirt is just fossilized rocks

ABBA is Goth Disco

the smurfs are communists

SUCK OUT ALL THE MARROW OF LIFE

People want to know how I came to becoming one of the most popular meme formats on the internet.

EVERY ASPECT OF THE SUPER BOWL SUCKED THIS YEAR

Bob Ross's painting show is basically easy do it yourself paintings

CODAC HAS SOME REAL PROBLEMS, AND THEY START AT THE TOP. YOU CAN'T

emacs is not a real IDE

PEN PINEAPPLE APPLE PEN

If humans had eyes in the back of our heads, Lincoln would still be alive, well dead now but u know what I mean

TROY AIKMAN SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE DAN DEIRDORF

club penguin is better than Minecraft

All seltzer tastes the same

Sledgehammers are really good for pain relief

Jamal Crawford was a complete failure for the Wolves

break dance is a less complex and judging form of gymnastics

MUMBLE RAP SUCKS

Stonk: the past tense physical representation of stank

Coronavirus is a big meme

Lamb of God is better than Pantera

The Tuxedo Winnie the Pooh template is the cartoon version of the Drake Hotline Bling Template

I need a brain transplant will some one

fortnite is dying and minecraft is hot again

I DON'T MATTER TO PEOPLE EVEN TO THOSE I CARE ABOUT

The hardest part about Jenga is making the tower

Lust > Love

Diarrhoea is for cooking and eating

SANTA CLAUS IS A PEDOPHILE

The Divine Comedy is an actual depiction of the afterlife.

Panty and Stocking is STUPID!

Chicken Treat Country Fried is better than KFC

you can't change my mind

Joker (2019) is a good movie

apex is pubg in the future

salt is just angry sugar

Bet I'm drinking coffee

Graphic novels are picture books

My mind can be changed. Loopholes, anyone?

Battlefield 1943 is the best Battlefield ever

I believe in miracles

A hot dog is not a sandwich

Milk gives you diarrhea

0.99 recurring is 1..

Demons don't kill people until the person sees them

Relationships are regimes

Strollers are just wheelchairs for babies

The plural for cactus is cactuses not cacti because cacti is British and cactuses in U.S.A

I can eat my homework if you say it’s a piece of cake

Ryan from Ryan's Toy Review is the equivalent to being the real life Caillou...

The only reason you buy bubble wrap is to pop it

All anime is off brand.

Dinosaurs should be named thunder lizards

all youtubers are subscribe beggars

high dives at the pool are suiside demos

despacito was originally gonna be an english song.

The Avengers: Endgame spoilers are all probably going to be wrong

THIS SERVER IS DEAD

I’m better than you are at absolutely everything

@SLINKFORTHREE IS THE FUNNIEST 👮🏽‍♂️

Cheetos Fantastix are just diet Cheetos

LIFE

sierra is bad news for 5sos

Scallions are just prepubescent onions

there's a Kanye song for any situation

Barny is just a dinosaur eggplant

Hetalia is awesome

The "Coffin Dance" meme is just a reincarnation of the "Shot on IPhone" meme

I have no friends

Coronavirus was caused by corona beer

Chicken McBiscuits are just super-sized McNuggets

The list of Don O'Neal victims is too long for this space

Vanilla is better than Chocolate

This meme is still quality

NOT A WINNER

SELL POGBA AND DE GEA

People who complain on snapchat stories are pussies

Don’t need toilet paper

Karol G me la escupe

isn´t a piano DO RE MI FA... to the extreme

If earthquake happens
while Coronavirus is outside.
That would be a R.I.P in advance.

FANS THINK DALE SR. IS THE GOAT BASED OFF POPULARITY RATHER THAN TALENT.

they need to replace "can you feel the love" in the lion king with "sweet home Alabama"

If we got rid of all laws then the crime rate would drop to 0

T-series uses sub bots

TWIN PEAKS IS TRASH

Jus because you in 13th grade doesn't mean your smart

acoustic guitars make beer taste better

Netflix series "You" is just a Dennis Reynolds fan fiction

Man Utd are shit

pee comes
from the balls

Dank memes are just memes on crack

The black death plague was just the early version of the Thanos snap

NATIONAL IDENTITY IS A SOCIAL CONSTRUCT

You will try to change my mind

Yasmany Tomas sucks!

BERSERK > GAME OF THRONES

The Braves have the best offense in the National League

SKYDOESMINECRAFT IS QUINNS COUSIN

I make cool memes

The Canaanites want to bring pedo to America

Life is unfair

Yogurt is just a sweet butter.

The force is just hand powers

Your brain technically named itself

Cereal is just wet bread

all sites should have dark mode because my eyes hurt

The Goverment created oxygen as a shield for us and drugs remove that shield so we can see the real world

Aquaman should have been nominated and won the VFX Oscar

Steve Harrington is a mother

Always better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it

I hate Tony Stark

The firearms section is the best section of the lab.

JUST SITTIN’ HERE WAITING FOR MY PIZZA

The 3 way toggle switch on a Gretsch is completely useless

THERE'S ONLY ONE GENDER

THE LAST JEDI ISN'T A STAR WARS MOVIE.

When you clean the shower you become the shower’s shower

EAT MC'DONALDS NOT BABIES

Ian Astbury is the greatest rock singer ever.

horror sans is senpai

Refried Beans are the Mashed Potatos of Mexican food

you cants stand backwards on stairs

Eggs
are the opposite of
Rice

no one knows what this sign actually said before it was a meme

All boys are lesbian and all girls are gay

gravity is just air being mean.

KARATE IS THE SOCCER OF MARTIAL ARTS

I'm defective, unloveable and destined to be unhappy and alone

Ravioli is a type of cheese

poptarts are sweet raviolie

Proof never lies

I am drinking tea, I will never make my mind to drink coffee. suckah #TeaTeam

WANKERS WILL ALWAYS HAVE BLISTERS

PINEAPPLE ON PIZZA IS DELICIOUS

If we ban schools there will be no more school shootings

qsdajfalfeiwajsf

Soni is the most beautiful and most perfect thing to ever exist

BRONTOSAURUS IS THE BEST DINOSAUR

Bakudeku is best ship

the alien 51 raid was started by aliens to get their family back

I want to die

a chair is just a one-person couch

fortnite is my best friend

KRIS X RALSEI IS A CUTE SHIP

Hopper is the American

UAA HAS TOO MANY ADMINS

Optimus needed a Phoenix Down. Just like Aeris.

I'm so damaged only Jesus can help me

I won't be making any memes anymore

I"m moving out mom

Kim Seokjin is a bottom

I am 4/20

Traps Are not gay

Free lemons for sale

change my mind

Jamie Lee Curtis is top-tier gorgeous.

Bakugou is secretly in love with kirishima

HEATH LEDEER FUE EL MEJOR JOKER

TAKING UP A COLLECTION TO BUY A ONE WAY TICKET FOR A.O.C. TO VENEZUELA

The imgflip front page doesn’t exist

Ballonlea Bede and Opal Are Not Real You Are Just Tripping On Mushroom Fumes

SHAGGY GOT HIS COOL POWERS FROM THE GENIE FROM ALADDIN

Give me head to

Alcoholism is gay because when you're drunk you can't think straight

Cats are just fluffier dogs

shobai and tim burton are the same guy

Narwhals are underwater unicorns

if there were no laws crime rate would drop to 0%

Bastion is the best hero

SMASH BROS IS A FIGHTING GAME

Peoples teeth tell a lot about them

French Quebecers are racist pigs.

You can't

Ricardo Milos is my favourite comedian of all time

Apex is toadly difrent from fortnite and hats why its trash

Names are just pronouns

Weddings are just happy funerals with cake

VUE & VUETIFY CREATE MORE WORK THAN THEY SAVE

HOT POCKETS ARE JUST OVERSIZED PIZZA ROLLS

you will never find this meme

Reddit posts with emojis only show the lack of 69 and 420 culture

DYLAN THE BOMB SQUAD GUY DESERVED BETTER

I WANT TO DIE

I'd pick a skilled midwife or even a doula over a standard OB/GYN if my low-risk wife was having our baby in a place that lost electricity! Baby, Please Birth Services

Reindeer should be called snowdeer

Lupin The 3rd is awesome

I want a brain transplant

The stonks meme is just a better version of doge

k-pop boys all look the same

RALLY DRIVERS ARE THE BEST DRIVERS IN THE WORLD

I don’t have any meme ideas

NOTHING IS GOING TO HELP

Jerry Jones is promoting the Dallas Cowboy brand and not worried about winning a championship

Granola Butter is the greatest allergen free spread for work, school or any occasion

FMAB IS THE BEST ANIME OF ALL TIME

bowl cuts are just 360 bangs

My life has no point

Dogs are better than cats

The earth is not flat

TikTok is Vine for underage people

Epic games is retarded

IS THIS?

Apex is better than fortnite

there should be a law stating that you can’t give homework to kids during break.

THERE ARE ONLY TWO GENDERS.

David Bowie and Dracula is the same person.

Courgette is just posh cucumber

I am thinking about subscribing to T series

White people aren't real

Messages from Team Snapchat should have a different ring than messages from actual friends

Minecraft creepers are boomers

Deca cookies are good

Ema for "Building Stars"
ESF project

beavers are cold weathered platypuses

Every stupid rule you dealt with today was the result of a frivolous lawsuit

Anyone with the name Jacob is trash

soggy cereal is better than crunchy cereal

SockRates is the best god

Cyrus is just Scrubby with a voice changer

rc is the best

I love my coffee

Natile Decker is the next Danica Patrick

covid-19 not worth the hype

THE DOCTOR WHO EPISODE, "THE DOCTOR'S DAUGHTER" IS ABOUT FRUIT FLIES PLAYING LASER TAG.

Confessional is just phenomenological bracketing in co-op mode.

Nothing like adding coffee to Sweet Italian Creamer.

Nobody hates Star Wars more than Star Wars fans

The upvote my memes memes are dead

MOST COPS BEAT AND ABUSE THEIR WIFE’S “ BECAUSE THEY KNOW THEY CAN “

Giff is pronounced "GIFF"

AUSTRALIANS ARE JUST BRITISH TEXANS

My wife left me, so I went to the bar, the bartender said, "You again!? I swear to god your always here. Is this about your wife again?" we had a talk I sipped some beer and threw up. Afterwards I went back home and slept with my new wife.

99.9999 percent of all you people have not seen "once upon a time", a new stream! I think if you click on my profile you can see my streams

ALL PIT BULLS ARE DANGEROUS

faucets are just man made waterfalls

This Coffee Tastes Like My Urine

THE EARTH IS A DOUGHNUT

Reading checks are useless.

redditors hate Social media platform, but they spend all their time on one

todoroki is baby

Getting paid in exposure is better than getting paid in cold exposure

UR MUM GAY

ANIMALS AS LEADERS SELF TITELD WAS THEIR BEST ALUBM

PRAGERU IS THE ONLY RELIBALE, UNBIASSED SOURCE OF INFORMATION IN THE MODERN MEDIA

U MOM GAY

LEAGUE OF LEGENDS GOOD PLAYERS DON'T WIN BECAUSE HIS TEAM

HOT PISS

STAR WARS IS STUPID

THIS MEME WAS CREATED IN RESPONSE TO THE COMMENT TIMEOUT

KIM JUNG UN ISN'T GOING TO DO SHIT

NOAH IS HELLA THICC

DRAKE IS THE BEST ARTIST OF 2018

I LIKE WOMEN WITH SMALL BREASTS

"ROSE"ON TWO AND A HALF MEN, I JUST WANT TO BANG HER

REAGAN DESTROYED THE MIDDLE CLASS

TRUMP IS A NARCISSIST

Iron man dies in end game

I’M THE BEST AT NBA 2K AND MADDEN

KING'S QUEST 5'S DEAD ENDS WERE FAIR

AZEALIA BANKS PEAKED WITH BROKE WITH EXPENSIVE TASTE.

SQUIRREL LORD IS BETTER THAN MERFOLK AND NICOL BOLAS

Ya mum gay

BLAZE OF GLORY IS A BETTER SONG THAN WANTED DEAD OR ALIVE

WHAT DO CHRISTIANS AND JEWS HAVE IN COMMON? NOTHING CHRISTIANS BELIEVE IN A FALSE PROPHET

MCCAIN HERO MAYBE BUT WHEN HE BECAME A POLITICAIAN , IF HIS NET WORTH IS MORE THEN A COUPLE OF HUNDRED THOUSAND THEN HE SOLD OUT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE

Breakdowns are better than Solos

FLAT SPRITE IS JUST GOOD TASTING WATER

QUIERO COMPRAR PACKS

COGGINS ARE A RIP OFF

MIO ONLY EATS SANDWICHES

NINJA PYRATE PROPS ARE THE BEST

EARTH IS FLAT

ROGER DEVOE IS A GAY HOMOSEXUAL

UR MUM GAY

Father sympathy pains are worse than the actual pregnancy

blah blah! m

Avatar was better than Avengers Endgame

TRUMP , DOING WHAT TRUMP DOES BEST , DEVIDE THE COUNTRY!!

gays are perfect the way thay are

BECAUSE DYLAN TRIES TO DESTROY MY RYANAIR PLANES

TURKEY IS DISGUSTING

SLOPPY JOE'S ARE TACOS FOR WHITE PEOPLE

Math stands for mental abuse to humans.

YOUR CUP SAYS, BREAKS OVER GET BACK TO WORK

THE BLOOD OF MILLIONS OF CHILDREN SACRIFICED BY THE GLOBALISTS ARE ON YOUR HANDS IF YOU INTERACT WITH THEIR CORRUPT AND MANIPULATED MONETARY SYSTEM.

dogs were made to take beatings

the attention part in a relationship, is give and take. I give and she take.

THE FRAGILE WAS TRENT REZNOR'S BEST WORK

Green Lantern is better than
Captain Marvel

SCHOOL SHOOTINGS ARE A FORM OF YOUTHINIZATION

Women are terrible drivers

The Earth rotates because of fat bottom girls.

I don't deserve to be upvoted.

killing myself isn't a viable option

TRAFFIC IS JUST WAITING IN LINE IN A CAR

THE INTERNET HAS BECOME A TOOL OF THE GOVERNMENT!!

I AM DEPRESSED

the only people who get on the imgflip homepage are the bots

FORNITE
IS GAY

APEX LEGENDS IS
FORTNITANFALL

FORTNITE IS BETTER THAN APEX LEGENDS

FORTNITE BATTLE ROYALE WAS CREATED BY THE GOVERNMENT TO DISTRACT TODAY'S YOUTH FROM THE ATROCITIES BEING COMMITTED BY THE GOVERNMENT

THE EARTH IS FLAT

Fortnite is a good game

DAD JOKES ARE JUST EVOLVED TODDLER JOKES.

MIinecraft>Fortnite

'Non-binary' is a freakin' millenial YAWN

"MONSTER" BY SKILLET DIRECTLY RIPS OFF "ANIMAL I HAVE BECOME" BY THREE DAYS GRACE.

if you are reading this, you are gay

Trump's a russian spy

cannibalism is a fine use of meat

blue burst was the best gun ever.

DZISIO WYGRO 4.A

BEING A MALE LESBIAN IS THE BEST

T-Series is better than Pewdiepie

When you say your going to do your homework tonight. 100%

get me a life

i need an brain transplant

Joints and bowl hits are better than your oil, wax, vapey flutes

I love "hanesherway" panties !!

Pewdiepie kills memes

**pe is legal

GOOD CHEESE SMELLS LIKE BAD MEAT

this is sparta

lil biskitt

climates change, and we could all die

Fortnite never dies...

o sa fac tema la chimie

Tax Season is not that hard.

Socialism works

My memes suck

the only reason Louis Armstrong is popular is because his music helped people through the great depression

Dabbing should be illegal

Men should try pegging at least once

EDWARD NORTON IS THE BEST HULK

Because my coffee was too cold, I heated it in the microwave.

Kaminari is the best MHA character.

Epic Doesn't Care About the Community

Game of Thrones is an 8 season metaphor for climate change

Robin Williams made a better genie

Ash should have won a pokemon league by now

The earth is round

Fortnite is for gay babies

Game of Thrones Season 8, episode 3 was better than Endgame

Iron man die by taking the stones from thanos and snapping his fingers to take out thanos and his army but he is not strong enough to survive it cause he can’t weld it. And hulk snap he make all people come back and burn his arm

This post will get the most downvotes

reddit > Imgflip

people from imageflip.com just copy from the internet

Trump is Putin's wife and Kim Dzong Un is their secret love child

Boomers are the worst generation

michael scott would never actually be hired to be anyone's boss

This meme won't get commented on

Hello. I am a wealthy homeless person and im looking for some money. wat

I’ll get a million views super slowly

Battle Royale

Good people got nothing from the movie Forrest Gump because it's complete bullshit and nothing more than a feel good story for morons. You Can't

Endgame was so great it’ll give you all upvotes

I bet that this meme won't get more than 3 comments and 5 upvotes

D. B. Weiss and David Benioff have no idea how to write about military tactics

End game was fake and gay

**pe

Its just easier for me to add (I'm not white) when I'm commenting on something border line racist

nothing is the best in a state of the world

I play World Of Warships Blitz

9/11 was an inside job

Ripple is just Dash but with all masternodes

Upvote Or I Kill You

Super bowl. 54 endgame vs G.O.T

The only time when school is necessary is Kindergarten through 5th grade

I’m going to spoil endgame

When you meet the guy, who can think straight. Thanos was right

Memes are just bumper stickers for the internet

I am not real

Women find taking a shower or bath an enjoyable time, I’m a male and I just scrub everything real fast and get the f$ck out!!!

Imgflip is a budget reddit

Big toe is the original toe

rice is just flavorless jelly beans

If God made dinosaurs and also inspired those who wrote the Bible they should have been included in the story of creation

Black people's moms just had too much chocolate milk/coffee

Just when you thought TV couldn’t get any worse, bang there’s cowboy shows now

THE EARTH IS DRIFTING FARTHER AND FARTHER AWAY FROM THE SUN

i subbed to t-series

Thanos is a very OP rasin

The earth is a Icosahedron

Deku is perfect

My dick is long

lemon flavored pastries are better than blueberry pastries

SUB 2 PEWDS YOU CAN’T

Nobody can change my mind

9+10=21

John Elway is an Overrated Executive.

Dogs are better than cats

people who seek to change my mind should be shot

Griffith did nothing wrong

Everyone is a weeb because everyone watched the Pokemon TV show...

I am garbage

All Might is the Japanese Johnny Bravo

homeless people are beggars that smell bad

Leer y escribir correctamente son importantes para la comunicación humana.

I’m mentally retarded

Minecraft is the best game ever.

Imgflip Meme Genorater

minecraft gets boring

Gangnam Style was the only good k-pop song

Minecraft actually SUCKS!!

fortnite blinded people from minecrafts true beauty

Vos is Awesome

Disney Star Wars Sucks

TRUE HAPPINESS COMES FROM GETTING UPVOTES AND COMMENTS

They cant stop all of us

the mandalorian did steal a Firefly class ship from firefly

"Mrs. Doubtfire" could've been also titled Don't tell mom, the babysitter's Dad."

Caillou is just a miniature Canadian version of Donald Trump

dog farts smell delicious.

fortnite good

Death=Life and Life=Death which means your not alive

the face you make when you find out you have a man and your friend says "i'm going"

There are aliens in Area 51

Pineapple does go on pizza

my mind cannot be changed

Cons and Progs have hit irreconcilable difficulties and its time to divorce

If someone ask anyone to change his mind, it should change it himself

yeet

Revenge of the Sith is the best Star Wars movie

Speedwagon memes are just funnier Shaggy memes, and they're only funny because they're Jojo memes.

Just because you have the N-word pass doesn’t mean you can go around saying it all you want like it’s nothing

mobile gamers aren't gamers

Bats are flying dogs

A rock has an IQ of 100

VSGO girl just means thot

Duolingo wants everyone to do their lesson so he can't kill anybody

Walk the talk

Your mom is gay

Metal Scratch pad can cure herpes.

You don’t have a life

THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN CREATE A NEW COLOUR IS TO COMBINE ALL THE KNOWN COLOURS INTO A BRAND NEW ONE

kids were made for taking beatings

Hellcat from Jessica Jones is a more interesting character than Punisher from Daredevil

You can't be a meat eater and an animal lover

Nobody in wrestling can make the spear look devistating.

halbe Teile rollen nicht

Rhinos are just battle unicorns

You write better than you speak

I think that no u is better then a reverse card

THE HOLOCAUST WAS FUN

Getting ur ass eatin by a lesbian is the greatest joy in life

Mew is a cute Pokémon

I HAVN'T SLEPT IN 3 DAYS!!!!!!!!! Bruh

fortnite default for smash

theodore is getting best head

Baby Yoda is overrated

The Reich will rise

There is no reason for unsafe behaviors

Burna Boy is the Fela kuti of our time

Bears are over sized cats

Fortnite will die and Minecraft will live

You won’t upvote this

All rappers are gay

Donald Trump sounds like an older version of Stewie Griffin

Bologna is just hot dog pancakes.

Red Jell-O comes from the blood of the workers

Vsco girls are the best girls

Pop Tarts are just toast made of candy

free kis

your mom gay

Dress code sucks

I'm secretly trying to convert you to Scientology

This sign is blank

0% of Prius drivers drive them because they care about the environment

Why incest is not that big of a deal

endermen are evil because they are black

No nut November memes aren't funny

Cereal is cold soup

you can't read this

You lose brain cells by reading this sign.

botany lab is basically just art class

Socialism is Capitalism on training wheels.

root beer tastes like dirt water

JJ Abrams is an overrated Director!

Only the dumbest
among us think
Epstein killed himself

halloween is bs

me and the boys week should be every week.

Medical marijuana does not exist

DarkStars past 1974 are glorified Birdsong jams

Fornite is better than PUBG & PUBG MOBILE! Don't

Mr. Marquez is the best aes teacher

Upvotes are very rare on IMGflip

Trance is better than any other subgenre of edm

If you're getting a B'nai Mitzvah you should have to read at least 2 of the aliyot

CRIMINALS AREN'T ACTUALLY CRIMINALS THEY ARE MISUNDERSTOOD, PEOPLE

THIS IS HOW THE UNITED STATES
ECONOMY WORKS

Were all vidiots

GAY IS NOT OK

hitler was good

DeviantArt

People who write bad his own language on internet deserve death penalty

We all never wanted to be born

2 + 1 = 10

hentai is art

chromebooks are macbooks in lite form

ALWAYS FOLLOW YOUR HEART BUT, TAKE YOUR ALCOHOL WITH YOU

You Cant live in an Abandon House

Epstein didn't kill himself

Memes trolling upvote beggars is the cool new way to beg for upvotes

Women taste better when they eat better

Eating raw or barely cooked meat doesn't mean you are refined, it means you're an animal.

Lolis are just anime midgets pretending to be children

your mother is damn gay.. really?

Turkey is overrated

Australia is not a country nor a continent, it’s a CITY!!

i won't stop destroying my table

I love the smell of ass

Minecraft is better than fortnite

pp is gay

When first school teachers said "sharing is caring " they were actually promoting communism

the words test and essay are often accosted with fear and agony.

The word can't is the same as the phrase "I am unable to can."

I will kill everyone

Your mom don't love you

The boomers are a trash generation.

This meme is funny

school is basically prison but more fair and kind

literally every image on imgflip asks for upvotes

The doctor said that I need brain surgery.

your gay

dancing parrots is the best song ever

The band Rush is the most overrated band in Rock history

Texans will win the SUPERBOWL!

i am drinking piss

Teenagers ac like adults by babysitting so adults can act like teenagers

bikers that have to wave at other bikers is stupid

ISIS people are boomers

Primetime er det best

imgflip is a budget version of reddit

the earth is round and vaccines don't cause cancer

The moon landing is fake

The New England patriots are the scum of the league

Juice Wrld died of his own stupidity

ebay parts are quality

Merry Christmas
Batman Smells

netflix movies are bed time stories for adults

Logan Sanders is the best side

Amber was the best singer in Sofia the First

hehehehehe

Imgflip.com

I like to sit around in women's clothes and listen to Judy Garland records...no

Girls are the creators of red kool aid

You only like the Mandalorian because the last few Star Wars movies were so horrible you have Stockholm syndrome.

"Hmm.."
is a sign of ignorance

earthquakes are basically the sky falling

Halloween is a pointless Holiday

Destroy Dick December should be renamed the Nutcracker

people watch youtubers talk to them selves

Pip ruined star wars 9

Killing Santa is the perfect crime

Baby Yoda is cuter than Baby Groot

The kids of 2020 will be raised to get out of the shower to take a piss

help my mom didnt let me make bacon so she took my room

Im lonley

The Beach Boys are just Blink 182 for boomers

I play fortnite. j rfbewffweffiiwwfewdbfcrefgeygfyfgierupvwebpiubrvvereuiuerfhiurhiuerhuifehiufheruhfuehfrufhruhuhrufhruhruhurhfruurhufrhuhrufhrufruhurhruu

kill yourself in the pool

Lola Loud is the nicest person on Earth.

Mental illness is like shittin ur pants. Compassionate people will say "oh that's so sad, u have a disease that makes u shit ur pants. It's not ur fault." But they still don't wanna be around ur stinkin ass when u shit ur pants.

Santa Claus travels illegally and owns slaves

The radio is just an enslaved version of podcasts, just with music

Carona virus is from the Carona drinks

Gizmo is Yoda's mother.

Imgflip is just a place where we just want to make others laugh

A beard is just a front mullet.

shampoo is clean pepper spray

snoopy looks like an airpod

Germany started the first world war

Linux is the FUTURE

Forninte good minecraft bad

juvenile is prison for jews

Pringles are the superior chip

ww3 will be a team deathmatch with no respawns

Trust is for suckers

Everyone says Australia is a continent or a country but really it’s a CITY!

Greta Thunberg is more mature than Donald Trump

NO

The Witcher is just a poorly done Game of Thrones prequel.

im gay

Rhetorical précis are hard even though they're four sentences

Megadeth is better than Metallica

A man just crop a paper with a pineapple

There's 2 types of people, go getters and slouches

cauliflower is just racist brocoli

nehemias + emilly

ok boomer

My teacher will most likely never sexually abuse me and I am More than ok with that.

antonyms are ants that look different

All for one 100% cowling is just super sayian and gear 2nd mixed

Your pets don't love you and are apocalypse food reserves

A rock has the IQ of 1000

Dozen Loaves or a bakers dozen ?

Santa Claus is bi and phedophile for sitting on little boys and girls laps.

ATEEZ DESERVE ROTY

You will not try to change my mind

The earth is flat

Tennis players are not gay

Baby Yoda is ugly

pip is pip spelled backwards and forwards

i am sexy

U live to die

Getting punched doesn't hurt that bad

the earth is flat

Girls that say yaaass are annoying af...

birds have autism

Toga will get Deku
Bakugo will get Uraraka
and Todoroki will get...
Mina

Trump is orange

This Post can only get 10 Views

Fun decreases as last year went pass.

religon is peer presure from dead people

Florida is just an online GTA 5 server irl

send nudes and do not

BULLYING IS WRONG

A glass half full means you filled it halfway and a glass half empty means you drank half of it.

Orange Crush is just rip-off Fanta

Pack a shank and a bad attitude

fortnite is good

Friendship is better than Relationship

nobody likes live gator the first time

-The Oprah Winfrey is Whoopi Goldberg for Z's generation.

Waffles are just pankakes with abs

Kdmdjdmd d

pop tarts are just sweet ravioli

give me vbucks and ill

Fortnite is better than minecraft

water is just drinkable air

Raping Children

Memes should be funny and not used for begging stuffs.

Santa anna is just mexican hitler

humans should become peasants so that pigeons can take over the world. don't ever

Only soft dudes get baths

"Progress", is killing us

Classic cars are crap.

im gay

SNIFFING FARTS IS FUN

Pineapple does not belong on pizza

people who say they won't get more than 5 upvotes make it at the top of the fun stream with 125+ upvotes

IF YOU HAVE SCOLIOSIS YOUR GAY

fortnite is better than minecraft

Steven Crowder is the best YouTuber on YouTube. Except maybe Mark Dice or John Doyle

The world is flat

I need a brain transplant

Upvote beggars are poisoning imgflip

Kidz bop is just a company that uses kids to get away from copyright

vaccines cause autism

Star Trek is star wars without lightsabers

We are all going to die because of the coronavirus

media exaggerated coronavirus and it is realy the cold in disguise

House of Cars cares more than other dealerships

Star trek is better than star wars

We keep burying people, we eventually run out of ground

I have two coffee mugs, you just looked up to see if I really do, and I put a random d at the end of one of these words, you just looked to see if there was a random d but there was none.

Remember Corona Virus memes can hurt some people emotionally

If a*x*y= axy
Then 10*10*10=101010

Toilet paper is not the cure to the coronavirus

Soft dudes have been practicing social distancing their whole lives

Jack the Ripper is the OG thot slayer

Sherlock is a homosexual

I'm about to jump in a lake and drown myself

we all wake up with amnesia

Prayer is just talking to yourself outloud

Cardi b is just a chinese copy of nicki minaj

Nezuko is the real demon slayer and Tanjiro is the real demon

TURN ME GAY

I think that the coronavirus is just a worse type of cough

traps are just flat chicks with dicks

You can't get the corona virus from BJz

coronavirus is killed by weed

Face tattoos are just permanant face paints

coronavirus actually corona beer lost brother

Having a headache is just as painful as being punched in the head.

You can't change my mind, about changing my mind, about changing my mind, about changing my mind

Kyon was
three months old the last time I was home on April 15th.

Ito ang best time mag kampanya...

I think this meme format is dead

There is no meme

there are more people on tik tok every day than people getting the coronavirus every day

The Nether is technically a pocket dimension because you can fit 10 obsidian and flint and steel in Steve's pockets

Orange juice is actually yellow

Everyone needs to stop making rude Tik Tok memes and saying it barely works it does work you just can’t afford a device that it actually works on and you guys are just listening to other people and probably haven’t even tried it

The cake is a lie

Soccerwave is the best soccer trainer & rebounder.

Meme is pronounced meme

This is simply a "Change My Mind" meme.

when you sneeze, you basically say AH-SH*T. Think about it.

Bob has 3 letters
3 is the symbol of the Illuminati
Bob is Illuminati

Meme Man is dead

Part 7 was just part 1 with stands and horses

God made covid-19 so purge all the anti-vaxxers

the "allow us to introduce ourselves" is just another version of the larry the lobster "observe" meme

We should get rid of billboards, no one looks at them anyway while they are driving down the road looking at their phone

the only good part of TikTok is the one’s that resemble vines

China made the Corona virus.It'll break soon

None of the YouTubers are quitting Fortnite just the unrecorded players

Tool is better than Led Zeppelin...and its not close...

I just posted this because Easter

Coronavirus

According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.

Kirovok min 50db

How about living your life as you see fit.Stay locked away in your home if you want, what you going to due when the government money stops coming in

The goverment wants to kill us all

coronavirus memes are good

If Sadists wear a uniform, Masochists like to feel hurt by it.

You kicked a pregnant woman

this meme isn't funny its dead

free tickets to China

Everybody is wearing a skin mask. It's just made of live skin.

2 chiniese doctor had an n word pass after bieng black due to covid_19

The Coroanavirus Exists

super glue dries too fast

Arbor day is just an Earth Day hangover

Your alarm sound is your theme song because it plays at the start of every episode

I made a funny meme

Arte is a better romantic drama than Sing Yesterday for Me

this meme makes no sense

SWTOR F2P is Vanilla WoW

Hippity hoppity you are now my property

THE BUCCANEERS ARE NOW THE NEW PATRIOTS

Memes complaining about too many memes making fun of coronavirus memes are wasting valuable space on the front page for my coronavirus memes!

People with a different opinion to mine are uneducated

Voltron is a magical girl transformation

yr here cause yr bored

introverts fake having corona to be alone

Turning up the volume is like Zooming in just with sound

Injecting disinfectant will kill Covid-19...
I believe in Trump!

corona virus is just the flu we can handle it

Hunter x hunter is overrated

immigrants cause cancer

6k icon is gay icon

Moon over Mexico is Luke Combs' best song

7 times 13 is 28

tacocat spelled backwards is tacocat

cancer is just a bad week